New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Red Violet, Inc.RDVT shares rallied 6.3% in the last trading session to close at $50.96. This move can be attributable to notable volume with a higher number of shares being traded than in a typical session. This compares to the stock's 3.4% loss over the past four weeks. Red Violet is benefiting from strong customer demand across diversified verticals, increased adoption by medium and large enterprise customers, and investments in proprietary data generation, automation, and AI-driven risk solutions. This company is expected to post quarterly earnings of $0.28 per share in its upcoming report, which represents no change from the year-ago quarter. Revenues are expected to be $24.5 million, up 28.5% from the year-ago quarter. Earnings and revenue growth expectations certainly give a good sense of the potential strength in a stock, but empirical research shows that trends in earnings estimate revisions are strongly correlated with near-term stock price movements. For Red Violet, the consensus EPS estimate for the quarter has remained unchanged over the last 30 days. And a stock's price usually doesn't keep moving higher in the absence of any trend in earnings estimate revisions. So, make sure to keep an eye on RDVT going forward to see if this recent jump can turn into more strength down the road. The stock currently carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks here >>>> Red Violet is part of the Zacks Internet - Software and Services industry.GlobantGLOB, another stock in the same industry, closed the last trading session 0.4% lower at $91.13. GLOB has returned -6.4% in the past month. Globant's consensus EPS estimate for the upcoming report has changed -0.5% over the past month to $1.52. Compared to the company's year-ago EPS, this represents a change of +0.7%. Globant currently boasts a Zacks Rank of #4 (Sell). Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.