New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Globant (NYSE:GLOB) is one of thebest mid cap growth stocks to invest in now. Towards the end of May, Globant officially inaugurated its Middle East Regional Headquarters in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. This milestone came less than 3 years after Globant’s initial entry into the region, which underscores its commitment to the Middle Eastern market and its ambition to lead digital reinvention through cutting-edge AI solutions and digital customer experiences. In Q1 2025, Globant’s revenue in the Middle East & APAC region saw an 84.4% year-over-year increase. According to Gartner, IT spending in the MENA region is projected to grow by 7.4% to reach $230.7 billion in 2025. Specifically in Saudi Arabia, IDC forecasts that IT services spending will grow at a CAGR of 9% between 2022 and 2027, and ultimately reach $6.4 billion. Located in Building 1.15 KAFD, Globant’s new headquarters also houses its third global Playground. The immersive and open space is designed to connect Middle Eastern tech leaders with future innovations through hands-on experiences blending sports, AI, and customer engagement. Previous Playgrounds have been successfully launched in São Paulo, Brazil, and Los Angeles, USA. The Riyadh hub will function as a Center of Excellence for AI and advanced digital solutions. Globant (NYSE:GLOB) provides technology services worldwide. The company was formerly known as IT Outsourcing S.L. and changed its name to Globant S.A. in December 2012. While we acknowledge the potential of GLOB as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.