New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves GlobantGLOB recently signed a strategic partner agreement withAlphabet Inc.’s GOOGL Google Cloud. This agreement merges GLOB’s extensive AI expertise with Google Cloud’s cutting-edge infrastructure and artificial intelligence (AI) tools to foster innovation and tackle some of the urgent challenges businesses encounter today, including data silos, process inefficiencies and scalability barriers.The initiative is expected to deliver tailored solutions specifically crafted for the Media & Entertainment, Retail, Healthcare and Finance & Banking sectors. Some of the notable offerings resulting from this collaboration are seamless identity management and commerce, GenAI-enabled mainframe modernization, AI-driven search and archival management and intelligent agentic workflows.This partnership will empower Globant to accelerate the rollout and oversight of more generative AI initiatives, allowing businesses to harness Google Cloud’s infrastructure at scale. Globant continues to invest in its strengths in AI and customer experience services while deepening its collaboration with Google Cloud to deliver top-tier solutions.Backed by more than 20 years of experience with advanced technologies, Globant is committed to supporting businesses to thrive within a cloud-first world and reach their digital transformation objectives. Globant’s domain expertise and AI engineering strength not only enable more efficient operations and improved customer experiences but also ensure long-term growth in a rapidly evolving business landscape. Over the past decade, it has developed deep AI expertise through its AI Studios and Enterprise AI Platform.By combining advanced AI solutions with creative technology via Globant GUT, the company strengthens its position in AI-driven business sectors. In the last reported quarter, its revenues expanded 10.6% year over year to $642.5 million. In 2024, AI-based projects brought in $350 million in annual revenues, which surged 110% year over year.In December 2024, GLOB joined forces with Faros AI to fuel the transformation of software engineering teams by introducing cutting-edge AI capabilities to streamline workflows, enhance productivity and deliver unparalleled value to clients. Despite a potential forex headwind of 1.5% on its full-year revenue growth, GLOB projects its 2025 revenues to range between $2.635 billion and $2.705 billion, implying a year-over-year increase of 9.1% to 12.0%, powered by strong AI momentum. At present, GLOB carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). Shares of the company have lost 45.6% against the sub-industry’s growth of 13.2% in the past year. Some better-ranked stocks from the broader technology space areInterDigital, Inc.IDCC andCommScope HoldingCOMM. IDCC & COMM presently sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.IDCC is a pioneer in advanced mobile technologies that enable wireless communications and capabilities. The company engages in designing and developing a wide range of advanced technology solutions, which are used in digital cellular as well as wireless 3G, 4G and IEEE 802-related products and networks. It has a long-term growth expectation of 15%.Headquartered in Hickory, NC, CommScope is a premier provider of infrastructure solutions, including wireless and fiber optic solutions, for the core, access and edge layers of communication networks. The company currently operates in three segments — Connectivity and Cable Solutions, Networking, Intelligent Cellular and Security Solutions and Access Network Solutions. It has a long-term growth expectation of 19.37%. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.