New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves NEW YORK,July 31, 2025/PRNewswire/ --Globant(NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company focused on reinventing businesses through innovative technology solutions, today announced a major upgrade to its proprietary AI platform, Globant Enterprise AI (GEAI), which now supports both Model Context Protocol (MCP) and Agent2Agent (A2A) Protocol. This update increases the platform's interoperability, enabling the seamless integration of agents and tools defined in other frameworks and helping Globant continue to accelerate secure, scalable, and collaborative AI development for global organizations. This release marks a strategic evolution of GEAI into a fully interoperable ecosystem, bridging previously siloed frameworks and enabling enterprises to build, deploy, and manage AI agents across heterogeneous platforms. MCP allows GEAI agents to interact with the best available enterprise tools and applications globally, while A2A interoperability allows these agents to autonomously interact with Salesforce's Agentforce, Azure Foundry, Amazon Bedrock, Vertex AI from Google Cloud Platform, and many others. "Today's enterprise AI landscape is inherently multi-agent and multi-LLM. Globant Enterprise AI was built to thrive in this environment, enabling organizations to model any agentic scenario, from individual agents to coordinated collaborations and complex, cross-channel workflows," saidGastónMilano, CTO of Globant Enterprise AI. "With seamless agent interoperability through A2A and limitless tool integration via new Model Context Protocol (MCP), Globant Enterprise AI acts as the connective tissue for AI agents, tools, and models – bringing enterprise-grade control, context, and scale." This major update not only expands Globant Enterprise AI's core capabilities, but also positions Globant at the forefront of next-generation enterprise AI infrastructure, offering new levels of automation and integration with real-time web search, intelligent data scraping, and access to cutting-edge AI models, includingOpenAI o3-pro, Anthropic Claude 4, xAI Grok 4, Google Imagen 4,and all theAzure AI Foundry models. Globant Enterprise AI is already making a significant impact across various industries. Organizations using the platform have reported an impressive80% reduction in legacy system modernization times, allowing them to swiftly adapt to evolving market demands. In software development, companies have achieved a remarkable50% reduction in costs, enhancing their operational efficiency. These metrics demonstrate how GEAI is driving transformative results and fostering innovation in today's fast-paced business landscape. To learn more aboutGlobant Enterprise AI, please visithttps://www.globant.com/enterprise-ai. About GlobantAt Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. Contact:[email protected]Sign up to get first dibs on press news and updates.For more information, visitwww.globant.com. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/globant-enterprise-ai-powers-next-wave-of-business-ai-incorporating-mcp-and-enabling-interoperability-via-a2a-302519106.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.