New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves NEW YORK,July 7, 2025/PRNewswire/ --Globant(NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company focused on reinventing businesses through innovative technology solutions, today announced a reinvention partnership withSuntory Global Spirits, the world leader in premium spirits, to build and deploy a generative AI-powered Commercial Insights Agent. By compressing days of work into seconds and supporting real-time decision-making for sales, marketing, and strategy, Globant's Commercial Insights Agent is transforming operations for the beverage company. The AI-powered agent can interpret complex business questions across dashboards, reports, and unstructured documentation for Suntory Global Spirits, eliminating the need for manual insight requests. By automating insight retrieval, the Commercial Insights Agent reduces operating costs tied to traditional business intelligence workflows and significantly reduces time-to-action. What once required multiple cycles of back-and-forth between business and analytics teams can now be executed on demand, freeing up employees to focus on higher-value strategic tasks. "Our work with Suntory Global Spirits exemplifies how visionary companies can harness the power of agentic and generative AI to fundamentally transform the way they operate," saidSantiago Noziglia, Retail, CPG and Automotive AI Studio CEO at Globant. "The Commercial Insights Agent is more than a productivity tool; it's a strategic enabler that redefines how teams access knowledge, make decisions, and unlock growth. Together, we're pushing the boundaries of what's possible when building an AI-powered enterprise." To learn more about Globant's AI-powered tools, visithttps://www.globant.com/enterprise-ai. At Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. Contact:[email protected]Sign up to get first dibs on press news and updates.For more information, visitwww.globant.com. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/suntory-global-spirits-chooses-globant-to-build-a-commercial-insights-ai-agent-and-unlock-business-intelligence-at-scale-302499192.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.