New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves CANNES, France,June 18, 2025/PRNewswire/ --Globant(NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company dedicated to reinventing business through innovative technology solutions, announced today the launch of GlobantFUSIONfor its creative network Globant GUT. Globant FUSION is the first suite of AI Agents designed specifically for full-funnel marketing, communications, and advertising. Presented at Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, the solution combines Globant GUT's existing capabilities with the power ofGlobant Enterprise AI, the company's advanced AI accelerator platform, turning proven initiatives into scalable, intelligent solutions for CMOs and marketing teams. In an era of exponential technological change, Globant FUSION was engineered to tackle real-world challenges across the entire brand journey, from strategic planning and content creation to campaign deployment and optimization. This suite redefines what AI can do for marketers by merging generative AI with measurable business outcomes. "We're not just implementing AI, we're rethinking the entire marketing workflow through the lens of real-world problems," saidPepe Chamorro, Managing Director inEuropefor Globant GUT."Globant FUSION is the result of combining our creative DNA with Globant's AI leadership, enabling human experts and AI agents to collaborate in every phase of the process." Globant FUSION covers key marketing functions, centralizing all of them within one ecosystem and simplifying the execution in a single integrated experience, adaptable to different channels, budgets, and business contexts. AI Agents included in this signature suite are: A group of selected clients is already engaging with this suite and the results are positive: To enhance flexibility and make AI savings tangible to customers, Globant FUSION runs onGlobant's pioneeringAI Podsmodel. This subscription-based approach lets marketing teams scale AI services according to actual demand—paying only for the complexity and volume of work performed. This ensures faster execution, more productivity and real business value. "With Globant FUSION, we're making AI truly useful for marketing—not just as a support tool, but as a driver of business scale," said José Llinares, Head of Strategy at Globant GUT Europe.  "While some big industry players are expanding their AI capabilities through strategic acquisitions, at Globant GUT we're focused on developing specialized AI solutions designed to address the specific needs of the marketing industry." Through Globant FUSION, Globant GUT reaffirms its commitment to transforming marketing through intelligent technology and human insight—delivering more precise, agile, and personalized experiences that drive growth and value. For more information, clickhere. Globant GUT is the first creative Network reinvented by tech. It is a full-funnel, one-stop shop to maximize business impact. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our experience as an AI powerhouse. EFFIE AWARDSGUT #1 Most Effective Independent Agency in the world by Effie Global Index 23' About GlobantAt Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. Contact:[email protected]Sign up to get first dibs on press news and updates.For more information, visitwww.globant.com. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/globant-fusion-the-new-suite-of-ai-agents-for-full-funnel-marketing-and-advertising-302485402.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.