New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves RIYADH, Saudi Arabia,May 27, 2025/PRNewswire/ --Globant(NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company focused on reinventing businesses through innovative technology solutions, inaugurated its Middle East Regional HQ inRiyadh, Saudi Arabia.Landed in the region less than three years ago, this marks a significant milestone in Globant's geographical expansion and its ambition to be at the heart of digital reinvention in theMiddle Eastthrough cutting-edge AI solutions and digital customer experiences powered by the cultural insight and expertise of local talent. Martín Migoya, Co-founder and CEO of Globant said: ¨Reinvention is Globant's core identity. Through the opening of our newMiddle Eastheadquarters inRiyadh, we have the honor of applying our talent to be a part ofSaudi Arabia'sreinvention story as well. Since our first executive visit less than three years ago, we've seen first-hand the promise of the Kingdom's vibrant and young talent and how it can be the engine for growth in its new and innovative economy." The digital transformation market in theMiddle Eastis experiencing substantial development.Globant's revenue in theMiddle East& APAC grew by 84.4% year-over-year in Q1-25.According to Gartner,IT spending in the MENA region is to set to grow 7.4% to reach$230.7 billionin 2025[1]. InSaudi Arabiain particular,  IDC projects that IT services spending  is set to grow at acompound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9.0% between 2022 and 2027, reaching$6.4 billion[2]. In this growing landscape for digital initiatives, now with a dedicated hub, Globant aims to accelerate AI-driven innovation for leading public and private organizations in key verticals such as Media and Entertainment, Travel and Leisure, Financial Services, and Gaming, among others.In order to seamlessly offer  AI-first solutions as, for example, models where experts supervise agentic workflows, Globant will train talented local IT professionals with best-in-class AI courses to support their development as AI Architects and AI Engineers. Federico Pienovi, CEO & CBO of New Markets at Globant said:"This new hub will allow us to better serve leading organizations in the region, leveraging our expertise in AI, data, and cloud technologies across diverse sectors. As our Centre of Excellence evolves we will be able to export best practices and even talent globally invigoratingSaudi Arabiaas a global technology hub." Mamdouh Aldoubayan, Managing Director for MENA at Globant, added: "Today, we have taken a step forward in our journey to drive change and foster a future where technology and human progress go hand in hand.Riyadh'svibrant tech ecosystem presents an unparalleled opportunity for us to showcase our leadership in driving digital transformation and contributing to the Kingdom's Vision 2030, fostering local talent, and building enduring partnerships." Located in Building 1.15 KAFD, Globant's new headquarters also includes Globant's third global"Playground"— an immersive, open space designed to bringMiddle East techleaders closer to the future of innovation. Following its successful rollouts in São Paulo andLos Angeles, this new Playground offers hands-on experiences that blend innovation with the excitement of sports, AI, and customer engagement. Among other experiences, visitors can step into"The Perfect Pit Stop,"a sci-fi VR challenge where teams collaborate as a Formula 1 pit crew; or test their skills with dynamicbasketball simulatorsanddigital twin experiences. At Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. [1]https://www.gartner.com/en/newsroom/press-releases/2024-11-20-gartner-forecasts-mena-it-spending-to-grow-7-percent-in-2025[2]https://my.idc.com/getdoc.jsp?containerId=prMETA51421423 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/globant-opens-its-middle-east-regional-hq-in-riyadh-serving-as-a-center-of-excellence-for-ai-creativity-and-cutting-edge-digital-solutions-302465943.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.