New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves NEW YORK,June 5, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- Globant (NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company dedicated to reinventing businesses through innovative technology solutions, unveils a new model to radically disrupt traditional IT services with AI. The company is introducingAI Pods, the first subscription model for AI-powered services like engineering, product definition, design, and testing at scale. AI Pods offer access to agentic AI orchestrated and supervised by Globant experts to ensure strategic alignment, quality, and traceability. They deliver smarter, scalable solutions, withfaster time to market and lower costs. Clients can subscribe monthly to an AI Pod, and each subscription includes atoken-based metered capacity,similar to how some LLMs structure usage. "We've been embracing AI for a decade, and today we're reinventing the industry with a strategy that meets the growing demand from global organizations for AI-driven value at scale," saidMartin Migoya, co-founder and CEO of Globant. "This is not just an evolution—it's aradical departurefrom what anyone else in our industry is offering:services as software—continuous, intelligent, and aligned to outcomes, not effort." AI Pods are powered byGlobant Enterprise AI(GEAI), Globant's advanced AI accelerator platform. GEAI is AI-model agnostic and offers a full spectrum of agents for designing, building, deploying, and orchestrating bespoke agentic AI. These intelligent, agentic workflows drive end-to-end business transformation at scale. Today's agent lineup includes Globant CODA, which accelerates the entire software development lifecycle with automated code generation, testing, and deployment. "We are already delivering this model in industries like finance, retail, and media with impressive results. Projects are experiencing huge reductions in delivery timeframes, showing concrete efficiencies and boosting productivity," saidDiego Tartara, CTO at Globant. "We believe we are at the forefront of a massive change for our sector, and we have proven to be the perfect partner to guide both our teams and customers into this new era." At Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. Contact:[email protected]Sign up to get first dibs on press news and updates.For more information, visitwww.globant.com. View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/globant-reimagines-traditional-it-services-with-ai-pods-the-first-subscription-model-for-ai-powered-engineering-302474354.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.