New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Globant (NYSE:GLOB) is one of themost undervalued technology stocks to buy according to analysts. On September 30, Globant announced a multi-year Strategic Collaboration Agreement/SCA with Amazon Web Services/AWS. The agreement expands upon the collaboration between the two companies, which has been in place for more than a decade, beginning in 2011. The SCA is designed to provide clients globally with enhanced support for cloud migrations, acceleration of GenAI adoption, and the development of industry-specific solutions. Through the expanded partnership, Globant will use AWS services to support digital transformation initiatives across multiple industries, with a specific focus on Media & Entertainment, Gaming, Sports/MEGS, Banking & Financial Services/BFSI, Travel & Hospitality, and Automotive. A close-up of an experienced game engineer's hands typing a complex code on a laptop. The collaboration aims to help businesses modernize their operations, improve customer experiences, and utilize GenAI capabilities. The long-standing relationship has already delivered advanced cloud solutions to various industries, including FSI and MEGS, with notable customers like Formula 1. Globant (NYSE:GLOB) provides a range of technology services worldwide. For instance, the company offers studio products comprising AI Studios Network, Globant GUT Network to connect brands to end-consumers through marketing, Digital Evolution Network, and Enterprise Network. While we acknowledge the potential of GLOB as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.