New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) is one of theBest Information Technology Services Stocks to Invest In. On July 25, Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) announced its partnership with OpenAI. Globant and OpenAI have entered into a multi-year collaboration as they will accelerate secure, responsible, and scalable AI adoption across enterprises globally. Globant will combine its deep digital engineering and AI delivery frameworks with OpenAI’s leading AI models to assist enterprises in moving beyond experimentation and embedding AI into real workflows. “We’re honored to be among OpenAI’s global services partners, and especially proud to be the first partner based in Latin America. This recognition reflects Globant’s deep technical expertise, our culture of innovation, and our ability to scale transformative AI solutions across industries. As a trusted leader in digital evolution, we’re excited to help shape the responsible adoption of generative AI for customers around the world,” said Martín Migoya, Co-founder and CEO of Globant. The early deployments are already delivering results. Cordis, a leading medical devices firm, collaborated with Globant to implement ChatGPT Enterprise across its departments. In the first four months, over 200 employees adopted the platform, and 95% of the users have reported weekly productivity gains of almost 15%. The partnership with OpenAI is a major move for Globant. Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) is a digitally native technology services firm that bridges the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity using AI. While we acknowledge the potential of GLOB as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.