New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Globant posted only modest growth in Q2, although it did do a bit better than most investors had expected. Globant reported that its AI pipeline expanded 25% year over year to $3.7 billion, an all-time high. Globant has seen its stock lose a lot of ground so far this year, making it essential that the company get its business back on track as soon as possible. Here's our initial take onGlobant's(NYSE: GLOB)fiscal 2025 second-quarter financial report. Globant's latest report included plenty of aspirations about how the company is looking to the future. But the immediate takeaway from the numbers was that Globant isn't quite there yet. Revenue growth came in at just 4.5% compared to year-ago numbers. Adjusted earnings topped investor expectations by a penny per share, but the $1.53-per-share figure was just 1% higher than in the year-ago period. Margin performance also didn't deliver, with figures flat to lower year over year. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Nevertheless, Globant's executives tried to play up what the future is likely to bring. Co-founder/CEO Martin Migoya pointed to ongoing generative artificial intelligence (AI) adoption and Globant's strategy to embrace its AI Pods, AI Studios, and Enterprise AI platform as part of what he called the "golden path" toward taking advantage of AI. Yet it was clear from Migoya's words that he understands there's a lot more work to do, and it'll take more time for the full impact of generative AI to make it into Globant's financials. To be clear, that opportunity is massive. Globant said its pipeline is at all-time highs at $3.7 billion. That's roughly a year and a half's worth of sales at current run rates, and Migoya seems to believe that number is only going to grow as more customers turn to AI-powered solutions. Nevertheless, investors didn't react favorably to the news. Globant stock was trading down 7% in the first half hour after the quarterly report came out. It was apparent that shareholders didn't really seem too impressed with the sales and earnings numbers and had wanted to see a truly colossal quarter that showed Globant's ability to fully capitalize on gen AI trends. In addition, Globant's guidance for the third quarter didn't show that growth is right around the corner. Projections for $615 million in sales would represent just 0.1% growth year over year. For fiscal 2025, Globant now expects at least $2.445 billion, but that too would be just 1.2% higher than 2024's final figures. What's more important for the long run is that after Globant's most recent quarterly results, investors still seem unconvinced that the company is getting itself back on the growth trajectory it seemed to have back in 2021 when the stock was hitting all-time highs. In particular, 2025 has been a tough year for shareholders, with investors getting an unexpected negative surprise after the company's 2024 fourth-quarter financial report back in February. We still see a possibility that Globant will be able to capture more of the boom from generative AI and digital transformation than it has so far. However, it's clear that many shareholders are losing patience with the company. Globant needs to step up its game even more -- and soon -- in order to prove itself. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Globant wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $663,630!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,115,695!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,071% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 185% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Dan Caplingerhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Globant. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.