New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Wall Street watches a company's quarterly report closely to understand as much as possible about its recent performance and what to expect going forward. Of course, one figure often stands out among the rest: earnings. We know earnings results are vital, but how a company performs compared to bottom line expectations can be even more important when it comes to stock prices, especially in the near-term. This means that investors might want to take advantage of these earnings surprises. Hunting for 'earnings whispers' or companies poised to beat their quarterly earnings estimates is a somewhat common practice. But that doesn't make it easy. One way that has been proven to work is by using the Zacks Earnings ESP tool. The Zacks Expected Surprise Prediction, or ESP, works by locking in on the most up-to-date analyst earnings revisions because they can be more accurate than estimates from weeks or even months before the actual release date. The thinking is pretty straightforward: analysts who provide earnings estimates closer to the report are likely to have more information. With this in mind, the Expected Surprise Prediction compares the Most Accurate Estimate (being the most recent) against the overall Zacks Consensus Estimate. The percentage difference provides the ESP figure. The system also utilizes our core Zacks Rank to provide a stronger system for identifying stocks that might beat their next quarterly earnings estimate and possibly see the stock price climb. In fact, when we combined a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. Perhaps most importantly, using these parameters has helped produce 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest. Stocks with a #3 (Hold) ranking, which is most stocks covered at 60%, are expected to perform in-line with the broader market. But stocks that fall into the #2 (Buy) and #1 (Strong Buy) ranking, or the top 15% and top 5% of stocks, respectively, should outperform the market. Strong Buy stocks should outperform more than any other rank. Now that we understand what the ESP is and how beneficial it can be, let's dive into a stock that currently fits the bill.BILL Holdings (BILL)earns a #3 (Hold) right now and its Most Accurate Estimate sits at $0.42 a share, just 30 days from its upcoming earnings release on August 28, 2025. BILL Holdings' Earnings ESP sits at +4.48%, which, as explained above, is calculated by taking the percentage difference between the $0.42 Most Accurate Estimate and the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.4. BILL is also part of a large group of stocks that boast a positive ESP. Make sure to utilize our Earnings ESP Filter to uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they've reported. BILL is part of a big group of Computer and Technology stocks that boast a positive ESP, and investors may want to take a look atGlobant (GLOB)as well. Globant, which is readying to report earnings on August 21, 2025, sits at a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) right now. Its Most Accurate Estimate is currently $1.53 a share, and GLOB is 23 days out from its next earnings report. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Globant is $1.52, and when you take the percentage difference between that number and its Most Accurate Estimate, you get the Earnings ESP figure of +0.33%. Because both stocks hold a positive Earnings ESP, BILL and GLOB could potentially post earnings beats in their next reports. Use the Zacks Earnings ESP Filter to turn up stocks with the highest probability of positively, or negatively, surprising to buy or sell before they're reported for profitable earnings season trading. Check it out here >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.