New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Globant (NYSE:GLOB) is one of thebest IT stocks to buy according to analysts. Earlier on June 5, Globant introduced AI Pods, which are a new model designed to disrupt traditional IT services with AI. This marks the first subscription model for AI-powered services such as engineering, product definition, design, and testing at scale, shifting from effort-based pricing to outcome-aligned consumption. AI Pods offer clients monthly access to agentic AI capabilities, which are orchestrated and supervised by Globant experts to ensure strategic alignment, quality, and traceability. Each subscription includes a token-based metered capacity, similar to how LLMs often structure their usage, providing transparency and flexibility in consumption. These AI Pods are powered by Globant Enterprise AI (GEAI), which is the company’s advanced AI accelerator platform. GEAI is AI-model agnostic, which means that it can use various top-performing LLMs and provides a full spectrum of agents for designing, building, deploying, and orchestrating bespoke agentic AI. Globant (NYSE:GLOB) provides technology services and offers studio products comprising AI Studios Network, which is a network for AI adaptation for media & entertainment, finance, healthcare & life sciences, airlines, sports, automotive, games, hospitality & leisure, edtech, and retail industries. While we acknowledge the potential of GLOB as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.