New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves LUXEMBOURG,May 15, 2025/PRNewswire/ -- Globant (NYSE: GLOB), a digitally native company focused on reinventing businesses through innovative technology solutions, today announced results for the three months endedMarch 31, 2025. Please see highlights below. Note that reconciliations between IFRS and Non-IFRS financial measures are disclosed at the end of this press release. "Globant's spirit of building and reinvention is stronger than ever. We are largely focused on AI-related opportunities, and assisting our clients in transforming their respective businesses and leveraging technology to drive growth and competitive advantages. Our comprehensive growth strategy unites our 100-squared client-centric vision with our industry-specialized AI Studios and subscription model. This strategy is powered by our AI Pods and the Globant Enterprise AI platform, which we believe positions Globant as the only player in the industry with such a comprehensive offering. With a robust pipeline and expected sequential growth for Q2, we are not just navigating the future; as builders, we are actively creating it, reaffirming our commitment to lead the next wave of technological transformation," said Martín Migoya, Globant's CEO and co-founder. "Globant reported Q1 2025 revenues of$611.1 million, a 7% year-over-year growth. In a complex macroeconomic environment that impacted spending from our customers, we delivered healthy margins and profitability, with adjusted diluted EPS of$1.50. Moving forward, while we must navigate the uncertainties of the current global economic environment, we will continue to be laser focused on margins, cash flow and capital allocation, ensuring Globant delivers shareholder value while capitalizing on future growth opportunities," explained Juan Urthiague, Globant's CFO. Based on current market conditions, Globant is providing the following estimates for the second quarter and the full year of 2025: Shareholder Letter, Conference Call and WebcastA shareholder letter will be available on the Investor Relations section of Globant's website.Martin Migoya, Globant's Chief Executive Officer & co-founder, and Juan Urthiague, Chief Financial Officer, will discuss the results in a video conference call beginning at4:30 pm ET. This will be followed by a live Q&A session where they will be joined byPatricia Pomies, Chief Operating Officer; and Diego Tártara, Chief Technology Officer. Video conference call access information is:https://more.globant.com/F1Q25EarningsCallWebcasthttp://investors.globant.com/ About Globant (NYSE:GLOB)At Globant, we create the digitally-native products that people love. We bridge the gap between businesses and consumers through technology and creativity, leveraging our expertise in AI. We dare to digitally transform organizations and strive to delight their customers. We have more than 31,100 employees and we are present in more than 30 countries across 5 continents working for companies like Google, Electronic Arts and Santander, among others. We were named a Worldwide Leader in CX Improvement by IDC MarketScape report. We were also featured as a business case study atHarvard,MITandStanford. We are a member of the Cybersecurity Tech Accord. While the financial figures included in this press release have been computed in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"), this announcement does not contain sufficient information to constitute an interim financial report as defined in International Accounting Standards 34, "Interim Financial Reporting" or a financial statement as defined by International Accounting Standards 1 "Presentation of Financial Statements". The financial information in this press release has not been audited. Globant provides non-IFRS financial measures in addition to reported IFRS results prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. Management believes these measures help illustrate underlying trends in the company's business and uses the non-IFRS financial measures to establish budgets and operational goals, communicated internally and externally, for managing the company's business and evaluating its performance. The company anticipates that it will continue to report both IFRS and certain non-IFRS financial measures in its financial results, including non-IFRS measures that exclude share-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, acquisition-related charges, and the related effect on income taxes of the pre-tax adjustments. Because the company's non-IFRS financial measures are not calculated according to IFRS, these measures are not comparable to IFRS and may not necessarily be comparable to similarly described non-IFRS measures reported by other companies within the company's industry. Consequently, Globant's non-IFRS financial measures should not be evaluated in isolation or supplant comparable IFRS measures, but, rather, should be considered together with its condensed interim consolidated statements of financial position as ofMarch 31, 2025andDecember 31, 2024and its condensed interim consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three months endedMarch 31, 2025and 2024, prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") 34, "Interim Financial Reporting". Globant is not providing a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking Non-IFRS Adjusted Profit from Operations Margin or Non-IFRS Adjusted Diluted EPS to the most directly comparable IFRS measure because it is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable effort. These items include, but are not limited to, share-based compensation expense, acquisition-related charges, and the tax effect of non-IFRS adjustments. These items are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on IFRS reported results for the guidance period. In addition to historical information, this release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend," "should," "plan," "expect," "predict," "potential," or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future financial and operating performance, including our outlook and guidance, and our strategies, priorities and business plans. Our expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize, and actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Factors that could impact our actual results include: our ability to maintain current resource utilization rates and productivity levels; our ability to manage attrition and attract and retain highly-skilled IT professionals; our ability to accurately price our client contracts; our ability to achieve our anticipated growth; our ability to effectively manage our rapid growth; our ability to retain our senior management team and other key employees; our ability to continue to innovate and remain at the forefront of emerging technologies and related market trends; our ability to retain our business relationships and client contracts; our ability to manage the impact of global adverse economic conditions; our ability to manage uncertainty concerning the instability in the current economic, political and social environment inLatin America; and other factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in our most recent Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and any other risk factors we include in subsequent reports on Form 6-K. Because of these uncertainties, you should not make any investment decisions based on our estimates and forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this press release whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Globant S.A.Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income(In thousands of U.S. dollars, except per share amounts, unaudited) Globant S.A.Condensed Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as ofMarch 31, 2025andDecember 31, 2024(In thousands of U.S. dollars, unaudited) Globant S.A.Supplemental Non-IFRS Financial Information(In thousands of U.S. dollars, unaudited) (a) Acquisition-related charges include, when applicable, amortization of purchased intangible assets included in depreciation and amortization expense line on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income, interest charges on acquisition-related indebtedness, external deal costs, acquisition-related retention bonuses, integration costs, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, and other acquisition-related costs. We cannot provide acquisition-related charges on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort as such charges may fluctuate based on the timing, size, and complexity of future acquisitions as well as other uncertainty inherent in mergers and acquisitions. (*) Represents customers with more than$100,000in revenues in the last twelve months.1 Represents Asia, Oceania and theMiddle East. Investor Relations Contact:Arturo Langa, Globant[email protected]+1 (877) 215-5230 View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/globant-reports-2025-first-quarter-financial-results-302456910.html Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.