New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Wall Street experienced massive volatility in the first quarter, while international markets remained relatively stable or gained momentum. Trade uncertainty under the new U.S. administration has fueled concerns about rising inflation and a slowing U.S. economy, which has worked in favor of international markets. Vanguard Tax Managed Fund FTSE Developed Markets ETFVEA is up 7.4% this year (as of March 28, 2025), while theSPDR S&P 500 ETF TrustSPY has lost about 5%. Meanwhile,iShares Asia 50 ETFAIA has jumped 7.6% in 2025, andiShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETFEEM has advanced 4.8%. Cheaper Valuation: Most international markets and ETFs have been undervalued in comparison to U.S. stocks and ETFs.The P/E ratio of the largest Europe ETFVanguard FTSE Europe ETFVGK stands at17.0Xwhile its U.S. counterpart —Vanguard S&P 500 ETFVOO — trades at aP/E of 27.5X. iShares MSCI Japan ETFEWJ has a P/E ratio of16.57X.The ETF EEMtrades at a P/E of15.07X. iShares China Large-Cap ETFFXI trades at a P/E of 13.27X.iShares India 50 ETFINDY has a P/E of 23.51X whileiShares MSCI Brazil ETFEWZ has a P/E of 9.47X. Stimulus Abroad:The European Central Bank has been on a rate-cut spree. India and China have also been on a path of policy stimuli (either fiscal or monetary or both). Although the Bank of Japan has been hiking rates, the interest rate backdrop remains low. In contrast, the United States has taken a different approach as the Department of Government Efficiency has prioritized budget cuts, reducing federal expenditures rather than expanding them. The Fed has also been acting less dovish. Against this backdrop, below we highlight a few winning country exchange-traded funds (ETFs) of the first quarter. Poland’s economy did better than expected last year, with a preliminary estimate of GDP growth for the full year at 2.9%, up from the 2.8% consensus forecast. With Q1 2025 is gone now, most forecasters are continuing to suggest that it will move upward to 3.0% or above. This upbeat momentum helped Polish stocks to outperform. Although Spain's economy is projected to experience a slight deceleration (from 0.8% recorded in the previous quarter) in growth in Q1 of 2025, the Bank of Spain’s forecast of GDP growth rate in between 0.6% and 0.7% looks steady. Plus, the ECB remains dovish. Chinese tech stocks have gained momentum in Q1 due to the DeepSeek-style craze. The innovation of cheaper-cost AI by startup DeepSeek have rocked the tech world in Q1. China tech stocks benefited a lot from this announcement. Plus, policy environment has been easier in China (read: DeepSeek Buzz Boosts China Tech ETFs). Greek stocks are gaining popularity among investors. Greece has steadily recovered from its 2009 debt crisis, with borrowing costs now lower than Italy and France, and banks fully privatized. Greek stocks are undervalued compared with Wall Street and offer higher dividend yields (read: Best-Performing ETF Areas of March). Colombia’s stock market surged on election hopes and a stable dollar. The leftist president Gustavo Petro’s poor governance will likely lead to a conservative, pro-business victory in the next election. Cheap stock prices, with the price-to-earnings ratio hitting a 2002 low, also contributed to the rally. Foreign investments have been notable. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.