New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Although Nike (currently trading at $69.05 per share) has gained 29.6% over the last six months, it has trailed the S&P 500’s 34.7% return during that period. This may have investors wondering how to approach the situation. Is now the time to buy Nike, or should you be careful about including it in your portfolio?Dive into our full research report to see our analyst team’s opinion, it’s free for active Edge members. We don't have much confidence in Nike. Here are three reasons we avoid NKE and a stock we'd rather own. We can better understand Footwear companies by analyzing their constant currency revenue. This metric excludes currency movements, which are outside of Nike’s control and are not indicative of underlying demand. Over the last two years, Nike’s constant currency revenue averaged 4.8% year-on-year declines. This performance was underwhelming and implies there may be increasing competition or market saturation. It also suggests Nike might have to lower prices or invest in product improvements to accelerate growth, factors that can hinder near-term profitability. Free cash flow isn't a prominently featured metric in company financials and earnings releases, but we think it's telling because it accounts for all operating and capital expenses, making it tough to manipulate. Cash is king. Over the next year, analysts predict Nike’s cash conversion will fall. Their consensus estimates imply its free cash flow margin of 6.5% for the last 12 months will decrease to 1.7%. A company’s ROIC, or return on invested capital, shows how much operating profit it makes compared to the money it has raised (debt and equity). We like to invest in businesses with high returns, but thetrendin a company’s ROIC is what often surprises the market and moves the stock price. Unfortunately, Nike’s ROIC has decreased significantly over the last few years. We like what management has done in the past, but its declining returns are perhaps a symptom of fewer profitable growth opportunities. Nike doesn’t pass our quality test. With its shares trailing the market in recent months, the stock trades at 36.7× forward P/E (or $69.05 per share). At this valuation, there’s a lot of good news priced in - you can find more timely opportunities elsewhere. Let us point you towardan all-weather company that owns household favorite Taco Bell. Trump’s April 2025 tariff bombshell triggered a massive market selloff, but stocks have since staged an impressive recovery, leaving those who panic sold on the sidelines. Take advantage of the rebound by checking out ourTop 6 Stocks for this week. This is a curated list of ourHigh Qualitystocks that have generated a market-beating return of 183% over the last five years (as of March 31st 2025). Stocks that made our list in 2020 include now familiar names such as Nvidia (+1,545% between March 2020 and March 2025) as well as under-the-radar businesses like the once-small-cap company Exlservice (+354% five-year return).Find your next big winner with StockStory today. StockStory is growing and hiring equity analyst and marketing roles. Are you a 0 to 1 builder passionate about the markets and AI?See the open roles here. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.