New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves It would've been a much more lucrative move to own the market than Nike in the past five years. The business is rebalancing its distribution strategy and boosting product innovation. Nike(NYSE: NKE)just reported earnings for its fiscal 2026 first quarter (ended Aug. 31). The global sportswear titan produced revenue of $11.7 billion and diluted earnings per share of $0.49, both coming in well ahead of Wall Street estimates. This might be an encouraging sign as the business aims to turn its situation around. But this has still been a disappointing investment. Thisconsumer discretionary stockis up 17% in the past four months (as of Oct. 3). Its longer-term track record, though, is best forgotten. If you'd invested $10,000 in Nike shares five years ago, here's how much you'd have today. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now, when you join Stock Advisor.See the stocks » Nike's brand is associated with winning and inspiration, pushing people to strive and become the best versions of themselves. Perhaps the business should take its own advice. Owning the stock over the past five years would've resulted in investors losing 37% of their starting capital. A meaningful $10,000 would be worth much less today, just $6,300. The overall market fared significantly better. Nike has struggled in recent years. It leaned too heavily on digital channels, alienating valuable wholesale partners. The business failed to introduce fresh and exciting new products, especially in the running category. And persistently intense competition in the retail sector just adds fuel to the fire. The latest financial results were astep in the right direction. However, the company has a lot of work left to reach its former glory. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $621,976!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,150,085!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Neil Patelhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.