New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer put under the microscope. Cramer highlighted that the stock is being added to the Charitable Trust portfolio. He said: “Overall, I thought this quarter was a major step forward, and clearly buyers agreed, because the stock really roared today. Okay, that said, let me throw some cold water on what I’m saying. Turnarounds take a long time. This is really just the beginning… And look, Nike’s definitely still has a lot of room for improvement… Beyond the company’s specific challenges, Nike has to contend with a major industry headwind, and that’s, as you probably guessed, tariffs… So here’s the bottom line: After last night’s earnings report, I feel a lot more confident in Nike’s ability to turn itself around, which is why we’re adding to our position in this one for the Charitable Trust this very morning. In a very tough environment, Nike’s doing great things to the power of competent leadership. I like that. In short, Elliott Hill is a gamer, a lover of sport, and a person who respects his customers while revering the institution that is Nike. He knows they need to reconnect, and it’ll be hard work. But with him at the helm, I’m betting a $74 stock can go to $100.” NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) designs, develops, and markets athletic and casual footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories under brands like Nike, Jordan, and Converse. While we acknowledge the potential of NKE as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.