New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The famous athletic apparel and shoe company published its latest set of quarterly results. Revenue was up marginally and net income was down substantially, but both still beat the consensus analyst estimates. In recent timesNike(NYSE: NKE)stock has had plenty of lousy trading sessions, but Wednesday's sure wasn't one of them. After publishing its latest set of quarterly results after market close Tuesday, investors raced into the athleticapparelmaker's shares to push them to a more than 6% gain. That gave the stock an easy victory over theS&P 500index, which posted a 0.3% increase on the day. For its fiscal first quarter of 2026, Nike earned revenue of $11.7 billion. That represented an increase of 1% on a year-over-year basis. Of this, wholesale revenue was a standout, as it leaped 7% higher to come in at $6.8 billion. On the flip side, the company's direct-to-consumer service Nike Direct saw its top line sag by 4% to $4.5 billion. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Nike suffered a steeper fall inGAAPnet income; this declined by 31% over the one-year stretch to $727 million, or $0.49 per share. However, analysts tracking the company were expecting it to do notably worse. Their consensus estimate for revenue was just under $11 billion, and that for per-share net income was well under the actual figure, at $0.22. Referring to Nike's turnaround program, the company quoted CEO Elliott Hill as saying that it made good "progress through our Win Now actions in our priority areas of North America, wholesale, and running." Hilltempered this by stating "While we're getting wins under our belt, we still have work ahead to get all sports, geographies, and channels on a similar path as we manage a dynamic operating environment." In the conference call discussing the quarter, Nike's CFO Matt Friend proffered selected guidance for both the current (second) quarter and the entirety of fiscal 2026. For the latter period Nike is expecting the key wholesale business to get back to "modest" growth in the year, although Nike Direct likely will not see higher revenue. Friend did not get more specific. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nike wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $646,567!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,143,710!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,072% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Nike. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.