New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Crushing expectations for its fiscal first quarter after market hours on Tuesday, Nike NKEstock spiked over +6% in today’s trading session. Despite weaker digital sales and ongoing challenges in China due to higher tariffs, Nike’s strong Q1 results were driven by a combination of favorable wholesale distribution, growth in its core North American segment, and effective cost management. That said, investors may be wondering if they should chase the post-earnings surge in Nike stock, with NKE moving closer to its 52-week high of $85 a share after hitting a multi-year low of $52 in April. Although Nike’s Q1 earnings of $0.49 per share dropped from $0.70 in the comparative quarter, the retail apparel leader crushed EPS expectations of $0.27 by 81%. This came on Q1 sales of $11.72 billion, which rose from $11.58 billion a year ago and comfortably topped estimates of $11 billion by 6%. Amid the noticeabledecline on its bottom line, Nike has still surpassed the Zacks EPS Consensus for nine consecutive quarters with a very impressive average earnings surprise of 53.71% in its last four quarterly reports. Acknowledging a dynamic operating environment for both consumers and its global business, Nike stated it remains focused on “win-now” actions but expects revenue for the second quarter of its current fiscal year 2026 to decline by low single digits. This was on par with the current Zacks Consensus of $11.95 billion or a 3% decline (Current Qtr below). Additionally, Nike anticipates Q2 gross margins to be down approximately 300 to 375 basis points, including a net headwind of 175 basis points from new incremental tariffs. Based on Zacks' estimates, Nike’s total sales are expected to dip 1% in FY26 but are projected to rebound and rise 6% in FY27 to $48.59 billion. Optimistically, Nike stock is trading near the optimal level of less than 2X forward sales, with its Zacks Shoes and Retail Apparel Industry average at 1X.However, NKE trades at a 41.7X forward earnings multiple, a noticeable premium to thebenchmark S&P 500 and itsindustry average of 21.7X. Showing signs of a turnaround, Nike stock currently lands a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Earnings estimate revisions are likely to rise after Nike's strong Q1 results, but a considerable jump in EPS projections may be needed to move the needle for a buy rating, given the company's moderately stretched P/E valuation. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.