New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves However, it only downgraded to neutral -- and values Oklo stock at $7 more than it costs today. Shares ofOklo(NYSE: OKLO), astart-up developerof "micro" nuclear reactors that has been soaring ever sincePresident Trump issued executive ordersencouraging the development of such reactors earlier this year, turned tail and tumbled 5.5% through 12:25 p.m. ET Tuesday. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Bank of America removed its buy rating from Oklo stock today, as The Fly reports today,downgradingthe nuclear stock to neutral. On the plus side, BofA did give Oklo a $117 price target -- and the stock costs $110 right now! That sounds a bit weird to me. It gets weirder still once you hear what BofA just said about Oklo's valuation. According to the analyst, there's "little room for error" in Oklo's current share price -- which, again, is now$7 cheaperthan what BofA says is a good price. No wonder that BofA says the "near-term risk/reward [on Oklo stock] skews negative." Following BofA's advice on Oklo, it seems, will just about guarantee an investor to lose money. But it gets worse. According to BofA, at its current valuation, Oklo stock seems to assume that the company will deploy new nuclear reactors at a pace that BofA says is "unrealistic at this stage" of small modular reactor adoption. Granted,long term, BofA is still bullish on nuclear energy. But most analysts think it will be another five years before Oklo starts earning any profit. When profits lie so far in the future, $110 a share is probably too much to pay, and are not even guaranteed to happen. Long story short, BofA thinks Oklo stock is a "hold" today -- but Oklo stockstill looks like a sell to me. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $650,607!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,114,716!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,068% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Bank of America is an advertising partner of Motley Fool Money.Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.