New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo is designing microreactors that could provide 24/7 power to AI data centers. The company has policy winds at its back and recently broke ground on its first Aurora powerhouse in Idaho. Pre-revenue, with significant cash burn, this nuclear stock remains a high-risk, high-reward play. It's not every year that a nuclear start-up surges 500% year to date and still gets less chatter than the latestartificial intelligence(AI) start-up. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » The stock has gone from relative obscurity to a $19 billion market valuation in under a year, outpacing not only rivals likeNuScale(NYSE: SMR), but also Wall Street favorites likeNvidiaandPalantir. Yet unlike those big tech giants, Oklo isn't selling chips or software. In fact, as of today, it isn't selling anything at all. It's pre-revenue, pre-license, and doesn't even have a nuclear facility operating commercially. What it has, however, is an intriguing idea (plus a lot of cash): tiny reactors that can run for a decade or more on specialized fuel. It's the kind of energy that's needed for those same big tech giants that are becoming increasingly energy-hungry: a clean, reliable source for 24/7 power. That's the promise. But whether it's worth the current price or not depends on how much faith you're willing to put into Oklo's timeline and execution. Oklo is an advanced nuclear company that's developing an Aurora powerhouse, basically a small modular reactor that's expected to generate upward of 75 megawatts of power. These powerhouses are being engineered to run on a specialized fuel -- high-assay low-enriched uranium (HALEU) -- that allows them to run for a decade or more without refueling. For context, many of today's reactors typically shut down every 1.5 to 2 years for new fuel assemblies. To be sure, Aurora's power generation (75 megawatts) is only a drop in the bucket of power that will be needed in the near future. At present,Goldman Sachs(NYSE: GS)estimates the global data center market alone consumes about 55 gigawatts (GW) of power, a number that's expected to grow to 84 GW by 2027. But therein lies Oklo's advantage. Its Aurora powerhouses are small and modular and can be assembled neardata center campuses. What's more, they can be strung together to amplify their 24/7 power generation. Since the average hyperscale data center needs 100 MW or more, a network of two or more Auroras could hypothetically meet its needs. Another interesting fact about Oklo: It aims to recycle fuel. Its planned $1.68 billion Advanced Fuel Center in Tennessee is pitched as the first privately funded U.S. facility to turn nuclear waste into fresh metallic fuel. If it works, it could cutoperating costsand help Oklo secure a supply chain of what could be the equivalent of 1.3 trillion barrels of oil in recyclable fuel. All of that sounds great. Fantastic, even. But here's the kicker: Right now, Oklo's designs are mostly hypothetical, with no Aurora powerhouse governmentally sanctioned to operate. To date, the company is still trying to get regulatory approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to operate its Aurora design. The company applied in 2022, but was rejected for missing information on its application. In July 2025, it completed a "pre-application readiness assessment." It's progress, but it's only Phase 1, and until a license is granted, the company's ideas will remain untested at scale. That's a problem for Oklo. The company isn't generating revenue and is expected toburnbetween $65 million and $80 million in cash for 2025. That said, Oklo isn't up a creek without a paddle. The White House has sent clear signals that it wants to develop and deploy advanced nuclear reactors, and Oklo's stock is in a position to benefit from it. An executive order from President Donald Trump, along with a recent joint initiative between the U.S. and U.K. to speed up safety checks on microreactors, have given Oklo a vote of confidence that could move it steadily through the regulatory process. Along those lines, Oklo's Aurora design was recently chosen by the Department of Energy to participate in a Reactor Pilot Program. Its powerhouse was one of three projects awarded (another went to its subsidiary, Atomic Alchemy), and it could see its first powerhouse up and running by late 2027. Indeed, as of Sept. 22, 2025, Oklo broke ground on the construction of its first Aurora in Idaho -- a relief for investors who have wanted to seesomethingmaterialize. Oklo trades at about 28 timesbook value, so it's not cheap (its rival NuScale trades at about 9 times book value). As such, a lot of expectation is already baked into today's price. Aggressive investors with a long-term perspective may want to open a small position. Others who want to capture this market but don't want to risk it all in one start-up may be better served by anuclear energy exchange-traded fund(ETF). TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $649,280!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,084,802!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Steven Porrellohas positions in NuScale Power, Nvidia, and Oklo. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group, Nvidia, and Palantir Technologies. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.