New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Chicago, IL – September 30, 2025 – Today, Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights Bank of America BAC, CoreWeave CRWV, Oracle ORCL, Oklo OKLO, Rigetti Computing RGTI and IonQ IONQ. Monday, President Donald Trump will meet with congressional leaders in a last-minute effort to avoid a government shutdown. Should President Trump and the Democrats fail to reach an agreement, the government will shutdown Tuesday at midnight. A government shutdown transpires when the United States Congress is unable to gather the minimum number of votes needed to pass an appropriation (payments from the US Treasury for a specific purpose) or a temporary continuing resolution to fund the federal government’s spending for the next fiscal year. When a government shutdown occurs, non-essential government employees are put on unpaid leave, essential government workers (like air traffic controllers) must work without pay (until a resolution is passed, where they receive back pay), and government services such as National Parks close. Government shutdowns are relatively rare. Over the past twenty years, there have been four major government shutdowns. History suggests that extended shutdowns are extremely rare. For instance, half of the government shutdowns over the past twenty years were resolved within three days. In 2018, the government shutdown for 35 days over a US-Mexico border dispute during the first Trump presidency. The government also shutdown for 16 days in 2013 over a congressional fight over Affordable Care Act (ACA) spending. Based on recent rhetoric from Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and President Donald Trump, a government shutdown appears likely. In a recent NBC News interview, Schumer said,“If the president at this meeting is going to rant and just yell at Democrats and talk about all his alleged grievances and say this, that and the other thing, we won’t get anything done.”Meanwhile, President Trump said that a shutdown is likely because“Democrats are crazed”and added“If it has to shut down, it’ll have to shutdown.” Bettors on betting website Polymarket seem to agree, with 59% predicting a government shutdown by October 1st(though the odds have dropped from a peak of 77% of bettors predicting a shutdown last week) Although government shutdowns can have a dramatic impact on government workers and produce alarming headlines, they generally have little impact on US equities. In fact,Bank of Americadata indicates that the S&P 500 Index has gained ~1% on average during recent government shutdowns. Beyond the evidential price data that tells investors not to fear shutdowns, the current market conditions should be taken into account by investors. The stock market has been very bullish recently. How Strong? Stocks just completely ignored late-September seasonality trends, which are historically negative, driven by continued strength in AI stocks likeCoreWeaveandOracle, nuclear energy stocks likeOkloand quantum computing stocks likeRigetti ComputingandIonQ.Now with September nearly in the rearview mirror, stocks should benefit as they enter a seasonally strong period. Beyond bullish seasonality tailwind, stocks should benefit from interest rate cuts. Additionally, market breadth (participation) remains robust, with the number of S&P 500 stocks above the 20-, 50-, and 200-day moving averages increasing. Historically, deep market pullbacks with these conditions are extremely rare. While the political rhetoric makes a government shutdown seem probable, investors need not panic. Historically, these shutdowns have been short-lived and have generally had a minimal, if not positive, impact on stocks. Since 2000, our top stock-picking strategies have blown away the S&P's +7.7% average gain per year. Amazingly, they soared with average gains of+48.4%, +50.2%and+56.7%per year. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit https://www.zacks.com/performance for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.