New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo is developing advanced nuclear energy solutions known as small modular reactors (SMRs). Shares of Oklo have soared in 2025, but the company is still waiting to receive the necessary regulatory approvals to start operations. Investors with lower tolerances for risk may want to consider investing in a nuclear energy ETF. When the market's fervor sends growth stocks soaring, sometimes it feels that the rides will last forever. Of course, they won't. Investors are getting a taste of that today withOklo(NYSE: OKLO)stock, which is heading lower for no reason in particular. As of 12:10 p.m. ET, shares of the nuclear energy stock are down 4%, paring back an earlier decline of 6.5%. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » Investorenthusiasm for Oklo stock has been considerable in 2025as political support for advanced nuclear small modular reactors (SMRs) continues to grow. However, much of the stock's extraordinary rise this year has been predicated on the company'spotential-- not material gains. UnlikeNuScalePower(NYSE: SMR), Oklo doesn't have an SMR design that the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has approved, and its path to commencing commercial operations is a lot more fraught with risk than some of its nuclear energy peers. While the bulls are enthusiastic about the company's prospects, some are recognizing that Oklo stock has gotten ahead of itself. Yesterday, for example, Seaport Research downgraded the stock to neutral due to the stock's high valuation. It's quite likely that Main Street investors are recognizing Seaport Research's perspective as a more reasonable take on the stock than the bulls who continue to pile into the stock. WhileOklo stockis dipping lower today, it doesn't mean that those who had been on the sidelines should step in and click the buy button. There are still considerable hurdles that the company must overcome before it starts generating revenue -- let alone a profit. Cautious investorswho are interested in nuclear energy exposure should recognize that they have other opportunities than Oklo, or even NuScale Power, which has its own set of risks.Nuclear energy exchange-traded funds(ETFs), for example, are a great option for those who seek a more conservative investment option. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $657,110!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,093,751!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,064% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Scott Levinehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.