New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) is one of thebest performing large cap stocks to buy. On September 29, Oklo and Sweden’s Blykalla announced a transatlantic partnership to boost advanced nuclear technology and accelerate its commercialisation. The collaboration focuses on technology sharing, supply chain coordination, and regulatory knowledge exchange to accelerate the deployment of advanced nuclear reactors. Under the joint technology development agreement, Oklo and Blykalla will share insights on materials, components, and non-nuclear supply chain sourcing. They will also exchange licensing best practices across the US and Sweden. The cooperation is expected to reduce costs and mitigate schedule risks in the deployment of advanced nuclear technologies. Oklo further reinforced the collaboration by committing $5 million to co-lead Blykalla’s next investment round. Additionally, Oklo may supply select components for Blykalla’s direct use, enhancing a vertically integrated, cross-border supply chain. The two companies are developing distinct advanced reactor designs: Blykalla is working on a passively safe, highly compact 55MW lead-cooled fast reactor, known as SEALER, based on more than 25 years of research. Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) develops advanced fission power plants to provide clean, reliable, and affordable energy at scale to customers in the US. While we acknowledge the potential of OKLO as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.