New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves A potentialgovernment shutdown, earnings reports, and anticipation around inflation data made for a rocky start to the week, but all three major indexes still marked athird-straight record closeon Monday. Nvidia's (NVDA) $100 billion investment in OpenAI pushed chips to the forefront, but it was not enough to stop stocks from snapping theirwin streaks. Profit-taking pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) to its firstback-to-back daily dropin three weeks. Sentiment stayed grim despitecooler-than-expected jobs data, whilepersonal consumption expenditures (PCE)data for August showed core inflation was in line with estimates. The three indexes were set toend the weeklower amidtariff updates, with the S&P 500 Index (SPX) and Nasdaq Composite (IXIC) looking to end their three-week win streaks. Gold has been charging higher since the Federal Reserve cut interest rates, and this week several mining peers have come into focus.Three mining giantsthat should be  radar are Newmont (NEM), Pan American Silver (PAAS), and Freeport-McMoRan (FCX). Meanwhile, lithium namesLithium Americas (LAC)and Albemarle (ALB) have gotten a lot of attention, too, after the Trump administration said it's pursuing an up to 10% equity stake in the former. AI and quantum computing names roared into headlines this week following OpenAI's deal with Nvidia.BigBear.ai (BBAI), SoundHound AI (SOUN), and Serve Robotics (SERV) could benefit from a short squeeze, while Schaeffer's Expiration Week Countdown bulls landed big gains withQuantum Computing (QUBT). AI giant Applied Materials (AMAT) attracted praise this week,landing an upgradeto "overweight" at Morgan Stanley. On the flip side, Goldman Sachs initiated coverage of nuclear data center supplierOklo (OKLO)with "neutral" rating, citing adverse operation risks. After a busy couple of weeks, includinga GDP updateand aninterest rate cut, the calendar turns to October with even more economic data. A few notable earnings reports are on the agenda as well, including Cal-Maine Foods (CALM), Carnival (CCL), Conagra Brands (CAG), Paychex (PYX), andVail Resorts(MTN), but the one to watch will surely beNike(NKE). It's worth nothing that ashort-term inflection pointdoesn't seem to completely rule out optimism for the SPX, per Schaeffer's Senior V.P. of Research Todd Salamone. Plus, the recent American Association of Individual Investors (AAII) survey could be areliable contrarian indicator, according to Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.