New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo(NYSE: OKLO)is reshaping nuclear energy with its compact Aurora powerhouses and groundbreaking fuel recycling technology. With government partnerships, billion-dollar private investment, and major corporate agreements already in place, Oklo could power the next wave of clean energy growth -- and reward early investors. *Stock prices used were the market prices of Sept. 29, 2025. The video was published on Oct. 2, 2025. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now, when you join Stock Advisor.See the stocks » TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $631,456!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,147,755!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,063% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rick Orfordhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.Rick Orfordis an affiliate of The Motley Fool and may be compensated for promoting its services. If you choose to subscribe throughtheir link, they will earn some extra money that supports their channel. Their opinions remain their own and are unaffected by The Motley Fool. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.