New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves While Oklo stock may rise higher, there are still risks, so investors looking to mitigate this may want to consider other options for nuclear energy exposure. Roaring out of the gate to start the week, shares of small modular reactor (SMR) developerOklo(NYSE: OKLO)are jumping higher this morning as investors digest two auspicious news items. In addition to the company announcing a new partnership, an analyst's new bullish take on the stock is contributing to investors' enthusiasm today. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Forging a new collaboration that expands its presence in Europe, Oklo announced a strategic partnership today with Blykalla AB, a Swedish developer of SMRs. In addition to collaborating on SMR technology, the partnership will address supply chain coordination and insights into regulatory processes. The agreement will also see Oklo provide about $5 million to Blykalla's next investment round. Investors are also bidding Oklo stock higher today in response to news thatBarclayshas initiated coverage of Oklo stock, assigning anoverweight ratingand $146price target. According to The Fly, Barclays recognizes Oklo as a "levered way" to gain exposure to the SMR industry, since the company develops, owns, and operates its SMRs, or Aurora powerhouses, which can contribute to strong cash flows. Barclays also predicates its outlook on Oklo stock on the company's 14-gigawatt backlog of nonbinding agreements.Based on shares of Oklo closing at $110.53, the $146 price target from Barclays implies upside of over 32%. The Barclays price target onOklo stockis worth noting, but analysts often have shorter investing horizons than thelong-term holding periods The Motley Fool favors. While the stock may rise higher, there are still ample risks, since it still doesn't have a design approved by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, so investors should proceed with caution. Fortunately, there are plenty of othernuclear energy stocksfor investors to consider that represent lower degrees of risk. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $652,872!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,092,280!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,062% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Scott Levinehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Barclays Plc. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.