New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Shares ofOklo(NYSE: OKLO)are jumping on Thursday, up 11.3% as of 1:14 p.m. ET. The spike comes as theS&P 500lost 0.1% and theNasdaq Compositewas up 0.2%. The advanced nuclear reactordeveloper'sstock is continuing to gain after yesterday morning's announcement that Oklo has been selected by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) for a pilot program. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now, when you join Stock Advisor.See the stocks » The company, along with three others, will join the DOE's Advanced Nuclear Fuel Line Pilot Project, which Oklo says is similar to the Reactor Pilot Program, another DOE initiative it has already been selected for. The new program will see the company "build and operate three fuel-fabrication facilities to support the deployment of advanced reactors." Oklo's inclusion in the new program is yet another sign that its technology is market-leading. The opportunity for Oklo is huge. Nuclear energy is having a renaissance of sorts, and with its compact fast reactor design, the company could be particularly well positioned to benefit from streamlined licensing. However, it has yet to generate meaningful revenue and trades on promise rather than performance; its valuation makes me pause. The technology for modular nuclear reactors still needs to be perfected, and there's no guarantee that successive administrations will be as pro-nuclear as the current one. But if you have a higher risk tolerance,Oklo is a solid pick. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $631,456!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,147,755!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,063% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Johnny Ricehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.