New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Shares ofOklo(NYSE: OKLO)fell this week, finishing down 18.3%. The drop comes as theS&P 500and theNasdaq-100 Compositelost 0.3% and 0.5%, respectively. The advanced reactor developer's stockis getting battered this week after a research note fromGoldman Sachscautioned investors not to get ahead of themselves. The company also saw significant insider selling this week. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » Amid significant investor enthusiasm for Oklo and nuclear stocks in general, Goldman Sachs analysts issued their first research note for Oklo on Wednesday, giving it a neutral rating. Goldman said that the company's business strategy needs "de-risking" and that thestock's valuation has outpaced reality. Along with the neutral rating, the bank set a price target of $117 per share. That represented a significant downside when the note was released, but since the stock has fallen more than 23% since Wednesday's opening bell, that target is now represents an upside. The lukewarm note from Goldman comes as several high-profile insiders unload a fairly large amount of stock. The CEO and CFO alone sold more than a combined $12 million worth of shares. I have to agree with the Goldman analysis. I think investors are getting ahead of themselves. The drop this week makes the stock more attractive, but the company's more than $16 billion market cap is still high, given that its technology is unproven and it is still pre-revenue. Still, for investors with a higher risk tolerance, Oklo can be a solid pick. Nuclear energy is having a renaissance of sorts, and the opportunity for Oklo is massive. Just know it's a long road to profitability. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $651,593!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,089,215!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 188% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Johnny Ricehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Goldman Sachs Group. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.