New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves We recently published10 Big Names Investors Are Dumping. Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) is one of the companies that heavily bled in Thursday’s trading. Shares of Oklo dropped for a second day on Thursday, shedding 9.18 percent to close at $119.13 apiece, as investor sentiment was dampened by a combination of insider selling and an investment firm’s cautious coverage for the company. In a market note on Wednesday, Goldman Sachs urged investors to position their portfolios on Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) with caution, saying that its valuation appears full and its business strategy needs de-risking. It gave a “neutral” rating for the stock. “Over the past year, OKLO has been a catalyst-driven stock, and while we see a path for continued near-term catalysts, we believe the company needs to secure finalized customer agreements,” Goldman Sachs told its clients. At present, Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) remains a pre-revenue company that has yet to file and secure a license to build and operate its first 75-megawatt powerplant called Aurora Powerhouse. It is expected to be fully operational by late 2027 or early 2028. In other news, Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) saw its key executives disposed of positions, with its chief executive officer, Jacob DeWitte, unloading $3 million of his interest in the company in the form of a gift. Meanwhile, Director Michael Klein also sold off $6.7 million worth of his shares, while Chief Finance Officer unloaded $9.4 million worth of stocks. While we acknowledge the potential of OKLO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.