New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) is one of thestocks Jim Cramer was focused on. When suggesting nuclear stocks, Cramer mentioned the company and said: “What [are] examples of what speculation means?… Second kind of speculation, thesis stocks. Case in point, America’s short on power. We need every kind of energy… We need nuclear? That’s Oklo.” Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) develops advanced fission power plants to deliver scalable clean energy and commercializes nuclear fuel recycling to convert waste into usable reactor fuel. During the September 9 episode, Cramer said that he does not think that the company’s stock is “done going higher,” as he remarked: “Then viewers urged me to focus on nuclear power. When I looked up over, when I looked over the group, I found one that seemed like a serious spec, Oklo, which is building small form nuclear reactors. Given the high demand for electricity thanks to the data center buildout, which we heard just again tonight with Oracle, and the fact that Oklo’s a company with significant customer interest, I decided to suspend my critical judgment. And I told you that it might take only one positive headline for this stock to rock, and sure enough, a $33 stock gapped up when it was selected for a DoD contract. I don’t think it’s done going higher.” While we acknowledge the potential of OKLO as an investment, we believe certain AI stocks offer greater upside potential and carry less downside risk. If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.