New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves That's the good news. The bad news is that there doesn't seem to be any funding attached to the contracts. Start-upnuclear reactor builderOklo(NYSE: OKLO)jumped 2.2% through 11:55 a.m. ET Wednesday after the Department of Energy (DOE) named the company to yet another set of nuclear pilot projects. Oklo, which specializes in compact nuclear reactors, has already been awarded three contracts for test versions under theDOE's Reactor Pilot Program.Now the agency has chosen the company to also work on building a supply chain producing fuel for nuclear reactors. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Oklo is the only publicly tradednuclear energy companyalongside three private companies: Terrestrial Energy, Triso-X, and Valar Atomics. The DOE says Oklo will build advanced nuclear fuel lines to reduce reliance on foreign sources of enriched uranium. Specifically, it will build and operate three fuel fabrication plants to support its Aurora and Pluto compact nuclear reactors, and "possibly other fast reactors." But the DOE clearly says each of the four companies listed above will be responsible for the costs of construction, operation, and decommissioning of their fuel fabrication plants and must "manage the sourcing of nuclear material feedstock." That appears to mean Oklo gets nogovernment subsidiesunder this particular contract. This means that more than ever, investors need to keep an eye on Oklo's cash burn rate. While winning DOE pilot-project contracts is great, the lack of government subsidies makes cash management paramount for the company. The good news here is that, with more than $530 million in the bank and a current cash burn rate of $53 million, Oklo is in no immediate danger of running out of money. The bad news is that analysts see cash burn accelerating as its projects get underway, to roughly $1.5 billion over the next five years. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $646,567!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,143,710!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,072% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.