New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo surged almost 30% on Sept. 19, 2025, after a joint U.S.-U.K. nuclear initiative. The company's Aurora powerhouses could become a major energy solution for AI data centers. Oklo has no revenue and is still awaiting regulatory approval for its Aurora design. When you look at the stock performance ofnuclear energycompanyOklo(NYSE: OKLO), it's hard not to feel your eyes burn. At the time of writing, this stock is up 1,945% year over year. Year to date, it's up 518%, with a recent single-day pop of almost 29% on Sept. 19, 2025. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » That's a lot for anenergy stock, especially for a company that isn't generating meaningful revenue. Does Oklo have some kind of magic, or is the company's almost $20 billion market cap a mirage? Oklo is designing an advanced "microreactor." These reactors (called "Aurora" powerhouses) are being engineered to run on both high-assay low-enriched uranium (HALEU) and recycled nuclear fuel, a one-two punch that should make them not only more efficient but less wasteful than traditional nuclear reactors. Their compact and modular design means that they could be assembled near AI data center campuses and other remote areas, like military bases and mining sites. Oklo has also expanded into radioisotope production with its acquisition of Atomic Alchemy. The goal is to produce medical isotopes domestically to "address urgent supply shortages." For a pre-revenue company like Oklo, it could mean generating revenue before its powerhouses are online. And therein lies the kicker: Oklo's Aurora powerhouses don't have regulatory approval, and Oklo hasn't built a commercially operable full-scale Aurora reactor yet. It's also bleeding cash (an expected $65 million to $80 millioncash burnfor 2025) and may not generate revenue on its powerhouses until decade's end. Lucky for Oklo, the White House is bullish on nuclear energy. In early summer, President Donald Trump signed executive orders furthering the development of advanced nuclear reactors. And recently, the U.S. and U.K. governments jointly signed an initiative to accelerate safety checks on small modular reactors and microreactors -- Oklo's bread and butter. It's worth pointing out thatNuScale Power, an SMR designer, also surged on the same news. For now, Oklo is a speculative play on clean energy. Less aggressive investors may want to consider anuclear energy exchange-traded fund(ETF) instead. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $661,694!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,082,963!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,067% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 190% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Steven Porrellohas positions in NuScale Power and Oklo. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.