New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves We recently published15 Stocks Jim Cramer Mentioned As He Said Quantum Computing Worried Him. Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) is one of the stocks Jim Cramer recently discussed. Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) factored into Jim Cramer’s discussion of speculative stocks. He’s been wary of the firm this year, but recently when in a Mad Money episode which aired on September 9th, Cramer commented: “I don’t think it’s done going higher.” However, in this show, he discussed some key factors surrounding Oklo Inc. (NYSE:OKLO) “[On stock down due to reports of insider selling] Yeah they’re all part of the same. And I know that David remembers, it was when the insiders started to bail when they realized that these prices were too elevated, David that was in March and April of 2000. Now I know we have to try to always figure out what period we’re in. But I can tell you we saw in 2014, we saw something very similar. When the insiders are bailing like Carl just said, you don’t wanna be a buyer. The insiders have basically said, hey listen, we’re in for the run. But that seems to be ending. That’s prudent. Obviously if you were the investment advisor to Oklo, and you just had a stock up hundred, I don’t think you’d say listen double down.  I think we have some prudent selling here. Driven in part by the fact that interest rates have now we can say officially, that I think we can say that the rate cut failed. Well the rates are going higher not lower. “Oklo is a classic example. It was at 33, it got a couple of headlines about how Tennessee’s going well and now it’s at 133. I don’t like that. “Oklo’s got this very serious, recycling of spent fuel, great idea. But I think the idea that you can determine when a plant’s gonna start, it smacks of when Southern was saying, don’t worry about it, don’t worry about it, don’t worry about it, and then it turned out to be the biggest blackhole that Southern’s ever had. Worse than Commonwealth & Southern which was run by Wendell Willkie!” While we acknowledge the potential of OKLO as an investment, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk. If you are looking for an extremely cheap AI stock that is also a major beneficiary of Trump tariffs and onshoring, see our free report on thebest short-term AI stock. READ NEXT:30 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Yearsand11 Hidden AI Stocks to Buy Right Now. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.