New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The analyst is now only neutral on Oklo stock -- after it's gained 15x in value in 12 months. Shares ofOklo(NYSE: OKLO), a start-up developer of "micro" nuclear reactors, suffered a downgrade to neutral at the hands of Seaport Global analyst Jeff Campbell, as StreetInsider.com reports today. The stock fell nearly 6% in early trading, but as of 10:40 a.m., trades down only 1.3%. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » Oklo stock has been on a tear this year, rising nearly 16-fold over 12 months, and Campbell acknowledged the company's recent groundbreaking for its firstnuclear reactor pilot projectat Idaho National Laboratory is a positive for the stock. Nevertheless, the rapid rise of Oklo stock -- in the absence of profit, or indeed revenue, and with most analysts forecasting nothing but losses for the next five years -- does give the analyst pause. Says Campbell: "While we continue to see a number of positives in Oklo's business development, we are stepping to the sidelines for now, based on the current stock valuation." That's a curious statement, though. As I just mentioned, Oklo stock is up 15x in value over 12 months, and now costs more than $20 billion. Campbell apparently thinks this is too much to pay for the stock, but the question must be asked: $20 billion is too much to pay fora start-up stockwith no profits. Agreed. But what about when Oklo stock cost half as much as it did today -- $69 a share? Wasn't $10 billion also too much to pay for a profitless stock? Or how about half that amount -- $34.50? Was $5 billion perhaps too much to pay? The thing that should worry Oklo investors today: Once Oklo stock stops skyrocketing and investors start questioning the valuation, there's almost no limit tohow low this stock could go. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $661,910!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,125,504!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,079% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 191% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.