New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo is a nuclear energy start-up that aims to provide energy to mining sites, data centers, and remote areas. When it rains, it pours, as they say, and forOklo(NYSE: OKLO)stock, the plummet is on. Since closing at a high of $142.65 on Sept. 23, Oklo has now fallen over 22%. Indeed, in the last two days of last week, the stock fell off a cliff, with a 15% drop. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » First, a member of Oklo's board of directors, Michael Klein, recently sold 50,000 shares of Oklo for a total sale of $6.67 million. While it's not uncommon for a director to sell shares, the transaction can easily set off a chain reaction in which investors become concerned that the sale means that something unfavorable is coming. To be sure, this isn't the first time Klein has sold shares. Back in June, he sold about 300,000 shares of Oklo. As it was then, so it is now, that we simply don't know the exact rationale behind the sale. The other reason for the plummet could be ascribed to Oklo'svaluation. Oklo is a pre-revenue company with no license to operate its Aurora design commercially, yet boasts a market valuation of about $16.4 billion (as of writing on Sept. 26, 2025). Plus, its current price, Oklo trades at aprice-to-bookmultiple of about 25, nearly three times that of its closest competitorNuScale Power(NYSE: SMR). Not necessarily, though to be sure,how much you invest in Oklodepends on your risk tolerance. Again, Oklo is pre-revenue and isburning cashtp the tune of about $53 million a year. It also lacks regulatory approval to operate its Aurora powerhouse commercially. At the same time, its Aurora powerhouse seems like an AI data center's soul mate: it's modular, small, and can provide 24/7 reliable power. The company has potential, but don't expect smooth sailing. If the last two days have shown anything, it's a reminder how volatile thisnuclear energy stockcan be. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $652,872!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,092,280!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,062% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Steven Porrellohas positions in NuScale Power and Oklo. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.