New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Investors didn't seem impressed that the nuclear power specialist ascended to three stock indexes. According to data compiled byS&P Global Market Intelligence,Nano Nuclear Energy's(NASDAQ: NNE)share price had eroded by almost 11% week to date as of Thursday night. This, despite the fact that the company was included on several stock indexes managed by a well-known indexer. Before market open that day, Nano announced that its stock is now a component of not one, not two, but three equity indexes managed byS&P Dow Jones Indices. The trio is theS&P Global Broad Marketindex (BMI), theS&P Total Marketindex (TMI), and theSPX Completionindex. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » These, however, are not as closely tracked and have less prominence than other equity gauges in the S&P family (most notably theS&P 500index). At least Nano has plenty of company. In terms of composition, the BMI is certainly sprawling. As of the end of August, it has 14,782 component stocks, which are collectively headquartered in 48 countries around the globe. The other indexes are notably smaller, at 3,360 for S&P Completion and 3,865 for TMI. The two are related -- S&P Completion has the same composition as TMI, except with the stocks also on the S&P 500 index stripped out. Nano's ascensions definitely represent an advancement for the next-generationnuclear company. However, many investors might be thinking they aren'tenoughof an advancement, since in prestige and visibility terms, the trio is under the level of closely monitored mainstays, again like theS&P 500 index. Nevertheless, if it hasn't already been discovered and researched simply by its presence in the currently hot nuclear sector, Nano will soon go under the microscope by a host of index funds. After all, such vehicles are constantly on the hunt for good investments among a relatively limited pool of stocks. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $649,280!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,084,802!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.