New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Investors have been flocking to profitless nuclear start-up stocks like Nano Nuclear, NuScale, and Oklo. Fluor also generates substantial free cash flow, and is valued attractively relative to both forward earnings and current free cash flow. President Donald Trump says he wants the U.S. to quadruple its nuclear power output by 2050, from 100 gigawatts to 400 gigawatts. In May, he signedfour executive ordersaimed at accelerating the development of new nuclear power plants in the United States. Among other things, those orders direct: If all of this makes you think that now might be a good time to invest innuclear power stocks, well, you're not alone. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Three start-up nuclear companies developing "micro" and somewhat larger "small" modular nuclear reactors --Nano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE),NuScale Power(NYSE: SMR), andOklo(NYSE: OKLO)-- have all outperformed the S&P 500 over the past year. Nano's outperformance is currently the smallest, but NuScale for example is up 160% in 52 weeks, and Oklo's stock is up more than 620%. By comparison, nuclear power plant builderFluor(NYSE: FLR)stock's performance has been relatively tame. Up 19% over the past year, it has also outperformed the S&P 500. But if you ask me, Fluor stock should actually be doing much better than these smaller companies, because its valuation is so much cheaper ... especially relative to its earnings. If you've got $1,000 or so lying around, and have been wanting to put it to work in a nuclear stock, Fluor just might be the one you've been waiting for. Last week, I went so far as to call Fluor "the smartest nuclear stock" money could buy. I came to this conclusion based on the fact that Fluor owns a majority interest in small modular reactor builder NuScale, yet has a smaller market capitalization than NuScale's $10.3 billion implied market cap (according to the latest data fromS&P Global Market Intelligence), as well ass Fluor's track record of being profitable for the past three years. Contrast that with NuScale, Oklo, and Nano Nuclear, all of which remain unprofitable. The consensus view among analysts covering Fluor is that it will earn $470 million in 2026, nearly $530 million in 2027, and $638 million in 2028. Its 2024 and projected 2025 earnings are abnormally much higher and much lower, respectively, than these numbers. But assuming analysts are correct that Fluor's earnings volatility will finally settle down starting next year, $470 million in earnings on an $8.7 billion market cap values Fluor stock at only 18.5 times forward earnings. This seems a reasonable price to me, given the steady earnings growth analysts are predicting. Speaking of earnings, earnings quality for the company is good, with real free cash flow (FCF) largely backing up the GAAP numbers on Fluor's income statement. Analysts forecast it will generate positive free cash flow of $343 million already this year, making theprice-to-free-cash-flow ratio25. Back out the net cash on its balance sheet, and Fluor's enterprise-value-to-FCF ratio drops to just 21. Analysts expect its FCF to grow by more than 20% annually for at least the next three years, to $598 million by 2028. That puts it very close to an EV/FCF/growth ratio of 1.0, which would qualify Fluor stock asa value stock. And if you further subtract out the value of Fluor's NuScale stake, I'd argue that it's cheap enough to make the company more like a deep value stock. When compared to most nuclear companies that aren't earning any profits at all, this cheap valuation makes Fluor not only one of the best ways to play the nuclear power renaissance, but a just plain cheap stock to invest in, period. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Fluor wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $671,477!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,010,880!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is1,047% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to180%for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.