New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Shares ofNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)sank 16% this week, according to data fromS&P Global Market Intelligence. The nuclear energy start-up closed a private placement offering of common stock that will dilute shareholders, leading the stock to fall. Shares of the pre-revenue company are up 26% this year and up 500% since going public around one year ago. Here's why Nano Nuclear Energy stock was sinking this week, and whether the stock is a buy now. Nano Nuclear Energy wants to build -- as the name implies -- tiny and portable micro nuclear reactors. It filed six patents this week related to its proposed Zeus Microreactor, which is still in development from its engineering team. While patents may indicate a positive move for the stock, Nano Nuclear sank this week because of the pricing of its private placement stock offering to professional investors. Nano Nuclear sold shares of its common stock at a price of $27, which is below its current price of $30 and likely built some selling pressure on shares this week. Indeed, $105 million was raised in the offering, which covers many years of its current cash burn of $10.5 million a year. The company needs the cash, because it does not have a working product yet. It is working on a micro reactor that has never been built before, and it is unclear if the technology will work.Shares outstandinghave consistently climbed as Nano Nuclear has been in the public markets because of its capital needs, which will dilute long-term shareholder returns. It is easy to decide whether an investor should buy Nano Nuclear stock. The company does not think it will have a product until 2030 or later -- and that is if it can even get the technology to work. It generates zero revenue today and will burn money for many years into the future. These are not good stocks to invest in. An individual can hope that Nano Nuclear does well and invents a new way of electricity generation to better society. But hope is not an investment strategy. Smart investors will keep Nano Nuclear stock out of their portfolios because of how high risk this investment is. Don't look at the 500% returns and expect the future to look like the past -- this is a science project with a stock price attached to it. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $638,985!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $853,108!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is978% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to171%for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.