New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves New York, N.Y., May  16, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (“NANO Nuclear” or “the Company”), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today announced its second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025 and more recent operational highlights and provided an outlook on its expectations and goals for 2025 and beyond. “We started 2025 with a view to build on a successful 2024, and have done just that, pursuing and executing on our objectives efficiently,”said Jay Yu, Founder, Chairman and President of NANO Nuclear. “The acquisition of the rebranded, high technology readiness level stationaryKRONOS MMR™and portableLOKI MMR™microreactors, which were finalized at the start of the year, has put us in a leading position in the microreactor race in U.S. We have solidified our relationship and working agreements with the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) for the KRONOS MMR and are now working to construct the first research microreactor on campus grounds in the U.S. We are confident our efforts at UIUC will lead to eventual commercialization of many KRONOS MMRs being constructed throughout many industries across the world. The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) approved the Fuel Qualification Methodology Topical Report for the KRONOS MMR, which is a major milestone for the commercial microreactor sector in general and crucial for the eventual construction of the microreactor system on campus grounds. In the coming months, we expect to begin the process of geological characterization, including subsurface investigations, which will lead to our construction permit applications and other future project milestones.” “In addition, NANO Nuclear has amassed dozens of domestic and international patents through our KRONOS and LOKI acquisition. We are also further expanding our current intellectual property protections with over a dozen new patent applications surrounding our microreactor portfolio, and supplementary technologies like our ALIP pump system,” continued Mr. Yu. “This year has also seen us commit to a new, multimillion dollar demonstration facility in Westchester County, New York, where the development of non-nuclear components, including commercializing the ALIP technology, will take place. Furthermore, our team has grown, and we have attracted many full-time engineers, regulatory and licensing experts, led by a world class Chief Technical Officer and Head of Reactor Development, Dr. Florent Heidet. This positive start to the year positions us well to achieve further milestones during the rest of 2025 and lays a solid foundation for achieving our longer term demonstration, regulatory licensing and commercialization goals.” “We have been focused while executing on our capital and technology development roadmap while putting in place cost controls and maintaining a solid financial foundation. With a strong balance sheet and strong investor support, we are well-positioned to advance our initiatives for the remainder of this year and beyond” concluded Mr. Yu. “We’ve made meaningful progress across several key initiatives in the first half of the fiscal year and we’re now focused on accelerating our efforts in the second half of fiscal 2025,”said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear.“We have grown our technical and regulatory teams as we begin testing non-nuclear components and pursue construction permits. We have acquired and are developing a robust portfolio of patents and other IP and are planning to expand it further as the year progresses. Our ambitions don’t stop with just our reactors, we see enormous potential across the nuclear industry in areas such as nuclear transportation, fuel enrichment, and nuclear consulting services that we are actively developing to grow our business and resources. We have also made inroads in our discussions and coordination with regulatory and licensing bodies, which will play a crucial role in the near and long term. All in all, the last six months have put us on solid footing as we look to capitalize on upcoming opportunities throughout the remainder of the year.” NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE)is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused, diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies, (ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Led by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclear’s reactor products in development include patentedKRONOS MMR™Energy System, a stationary high-temperature gas-cooled reactor that is in construction permit pre-application engagement U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in collaboration with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U. of I.),“ZEUS”, a solid core battery reactor, and“ODIN”, a low-pressure coolant reactor, and the space focused, portableLOKI MMR™, each representing advanced developments in clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. Advanced Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America. HALEU Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclear’s own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. NANO Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclear’s developing micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as theLOKI MMR™system and other power systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions. NNS’ initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding the Moon's surface. NANO Nuclear EnergyLINKEDINNANO Nuclear EnergyYOUTUBENANO Nuclear EnergyX PLATFORM This news release and statements of NANO Nuclear’s management in connection with this news release contain or may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would” or “may” and other words of similar meaning. In this press release, forward-looking statements include those related to the Company’s development, demonstration, licensing and commercial plans, goals and strategies. These and other forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent management's current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) or related state or non-U.S. nuclear fuel licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations, (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements, including by the DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act, and (vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement, and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which are available for review atwww.sec.govand athttps://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings.Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.