New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Momentum investing revolves around the idea of following a stock's recent trend in either direction. In the 'long' context, investors will be essentially be "buying high, but hoping to sell even higher." With this methodology, taking advantage of trends in a stock's price is key; once a stock establishes a course, it is more than likely to continue moving that way. The goal is that once a stock heads down a fixed path, it will lead to timely and profitable trades. Even though momentum is a popular stock characteristic, it can be tough to define. Debate surrounding which are the best and worst metrics to focus on is lengthy, but the Zacks Momentum Style Score, part of the Zacks Style Scores, helps address this issue for us. Below, we take a look atNano Nuclear Energy Inc. (NNE), which currently has a Momentum Style Score of B. We also discuss some of the main drivers of the Momentum Style Score, like price change and earnings estimate revisions. It's also important to note that Style Scores work as a complement to the Zacks Rank, our stock rating system that has an impressive track record of outperformance. Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. Currently has a Zacks Rank of #2 (Buy). Our research shows that stocks rated Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and #2 (Buy) and Style Scores of A or B outperform the market over the following one-month period. In order to see if NNE is a promising momentum pick, let's examine some Momentum Style elements to see if this company holds up. Looking at a stock's short-term price activity is a great way to gauge if it has momentum, since this can reflect both the current interest in a stock and if buyers or sellers have the upper hand at the moment. It is also useful to compare a security to its industry, as this can help investors pinpoint the top companies in a particular area. For NNE, shares are up 13.26% over the past week while the Zacks Alternative Energy - Other industry is up 3.21% over the same time period. Shares are looking quite well from a longer time frame too, as the monthly price change of 35.02% compares favorably with the industry's 6.76% performance as well. Considering longer term price metrics, like performance over the last three months or year, can be advantageous as well. Shares of Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. Have increased 1.61% over the past quarter, and have gained 571.24% in the last year. In comparison, the S&P 500 has only moved -2.63% and 13.25%, respectively. Investors should also pay attention to NNE's average 20-day trading volume. Volume is a useful item in many ways, and the 20-day average establishes a good price-to-volume baseline; a rising stock with above average volume is generally a bullish sign, whereas a declining stock on above average volume is typically bearish. NNE is currently averaging 1,813,568 shares for the last 20 days. The Zacks Momentum Style Score also takes into account trends in estimate revisions, in addition to price changes. Please note that estimate revision trends remain at the core of Zacks Rank as well. A nice path here can help show promise, and we have recently been seeing that with NNE. Over the past two months, 1 earnings estimate moved higher compared to none lower for the full year. These revisions helped boost NNE's consensus estimate, increasing from -$0.92 to -$0.58 in the past 60 days. Looking at the next fiscal year, 1 estimate has moved upwards while there have been no downward revisions in the same time period. Taking into account all of these elements, it should come as no surprise that NNE is a #2 (Buy) stock with a Momentum Score of B. If you've been searching for a fresh pick that's set to rise in the near-term, make sure to keep Nano Nuclear Energy Inc. On your short list. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.