New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves With over $4 billion in net assets, the Global X Uranium ETF is the world’s preeminent ETF providing investors broad exposure to companies involved in uranium mining and the production of nuclear components New York, N.Y., Aug.  01, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (“NANO Nuclear” or “the Company”), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today announced that it has been selected for inclusion in the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, following the Index’s semiannual review and subsequent rebalancing. Effective as of August 1, 2025, NANO Nuclear’s common stock will be included in the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, an Index of Solactive AG which tracks the price movements in shares of companies that have (or are expected to have) exposure to the uranium industry. This particularly includes uranium mining, exploration, uranium investments and technologies (such as NANO Nuclear’s micro modular nuclear reactors under development) related to the uranium industry The Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index serves as a benchmark for exchange-traded funds (or ETFs) and other investment products, with NANO Nuclear’s inclusion reflecting its growing presence in the global nuclear energy and uranium supply chain. As a result of this addition, NANO Nuclear’s common stock now qualifies for inclusion in the prominent Global X Uranium ETF (ticker “URA”), with approximately $4 billion in net assets, which passively tracks the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index. Notably, the Global X Uranium ETF is the world’s preeminent ETF providing investors broad exposure to companies involved in uranium mining and the production of nuclear components. Figure 1 - NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. Selected for inclusion in the Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, qualifying it for inclusion in the prominent Global X Uranium ETF (“URA”) “Our team has executed well on our stated strategic priorities, strengthening our market position and building collaborations that support our long‑term growth and valuation,”said Jay Yu, Founder and Chairman of NANO Nuclear.“Inclusion in Solactive’s Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index and the Global X Uranium ETF marks these achievements and is another positive step in our trajectory, highlighting our expanding role in the global nuclear energy industry. It is a testament to the hard work being done by our team to steadily grow our company, advance our technologies, and deliver value to our shareholders both now and in the future.” “This is an important milestone for NANO Nuclear, and we are proud to be included in Solactive’s coverage of the nuclear and uranium industry,”said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear.“We continue to take proactive steps to advance NANO Nuclear’s various development programs and initiatives and create shareholder value. This inclusion increases our visibility in the public markets and connects us with investors who are interested in this growing sector. We look forward to leveraging this exposure as we continue to grow and progress our business plans.” NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE)is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused, diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies, (ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Led by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclear’s reactor products in development include patentedKRONOS MMR™Energy System, a stationary high-temperature gas-cooled reactor that is in construction permit pre-application engagement U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in collaboration with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U. of I.), “ZEUS”, a solid core battery reactor, and “ODIN”, a low-pressure coolant reactor, and the space focused, portableLOKI MMR™, each representing advanced developments in clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. Advanced Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America. HALEU Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclear’s own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. NANO Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclear’s developing micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as theLOKI MMR™system and other power systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions. NNS’ initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding the Moon's surface. NANO Nuclear EnergyLINKEDINNANO Nuclear EnergyYOUTUBENANO Nuclear EnergyX PLATFORM This news release and statements of NANO Nuclear’s management in connection with this news release contain or may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would” or “may” and other words of similar meaning. In this press release, forward-looking statements relate to the anticipated benefits of NANO Nuclear’s inclusion in the index and ETF described herein and its plans and goals generally. These and other forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent management's current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) or related state or non-U.S. nuclear licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations, (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements, including by the DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act and the May 23, 2025 Executive Orders seeking to streamline nuclear regulation, and (vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement, and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which are available for review atwww.sec.govand athttps://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.