New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves New York, N.Y., Aug.  27, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (“NANO Nuclear” or “the Company”), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today announced that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Dioxitek S.A, an Argentinian nuclear fuel cycle and uranium dioxide production company and the country’s only feedstock manufacturer for nuclear fuel fabrication. The MOU establishes a non-binding framework through which NANO Nuclear and Dioxitek will evaluate and assess the current capacities of uranium conversion to enrichment feedstock and its supporting infrastructure in Argentina. Informed by the results of this evaluation, NANO Nuclear and Dioxitek will investigate the feasibility of a further collaboration to support Argentina’s nuclear supply chain and peaceful use of nuclear energy by developing and enrichment production line in Dioxitek’s existing facility. As part of the nuclear fuel supply chain, uranium dioxide (called “yellowcake”) is converted into uranium hexafluoride (UF₆), the primary feedstock for enrichment into fuel. Figure 1 - NANO Nuclear Energy Corporate Representatives with Dioxitek S.A. Directors, including the Company’s General Manager Federico Ramos Napoli The United States and Argentina maintain a 123 Agreement for peaceful nuclear cooperation under the U.S. Atomic Energy Act of 1954. With its strategic uranium reserves, Argentina has a key opportunity to address the global UF₆ shortage by developing domestic conversion capabilities, and in turn reduce reliance on foreign suppliers. This MOU builds on NANO Nuclear’s recently established presence in Argentina, aligning with the country's ongoing regulatory changes across key sectors of the nuclear supply chain. By deepening its involvement in the country, NANO Nuclear aims to contribute to Argentina’s evolving landscape and foster key long-term collaborations. “Collaborating with Argentina’s Dioxitek marks a significant milestone for NANO Nuclear in South America and gives us access to real-world data with the potential to impact not only Argentina but the global nuclear fuel supply chain,”said Jay Yu, Founder and Chairman of NANO Nuclear.“Argentina’s significant policy changes have created new opportunities for collaboration, enabling NANO Nuclear to actively contribute to the advancement of Argentina’s expanding nuclear infrastructure and fuel cycle capabilities. We look forward to expanding our collaboration in pursuit of this shared vision.” Figure 2 - NANO Nuclear Signs Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to Evaluate Argentina’s Existing Uranium Conversion Infrastructure with Dioxitek S.A. “We’re proud to collaborate with Dioxitek at such a vital time for the Argentine nuclear industry,”said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear.“The nation’s robust technical foundation and clear drive toward energy independence present our company with numerous opportunities. By combining our expertise with Argentina’s vision, we aim to support the expansion of Argentina’s nuclear energy infrastructure and contribute meaningfully to the development of its full fuel cycle capabilities.” Dioxitek S.A. is a public owned limited company. Established by the National Executive Branch, it is responsible for ensuring the supply of uranium dioxide, which is used in the production of fuel elements for the Embalse, Atucha I, and Atucha II nuclear power plants. NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE)is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused, diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies, (ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Led by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclear’s reactor products in development include patentedKRONOS MMR™Energy System, a stationary high-temperature gas-cooled reactor that is in construction permit pre-application engagement U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in collaboration with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U. of I.), “ZEUS”, a solid core battery reactor, and “ODIN”, a low-pressure coolant reactor, and the space focused, portableLOKI MMR™, each representing advanced developments in clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. Advanced Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America. HALEU Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclear’s own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. NANO Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclear’s developing micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as theLOKI MMR™system and other power systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions. NNS’ initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding the Moon's surface. For further NANO Nuclear information, please contact:Email:[email protected]Business Tel: (212) 634-9206 PLEASE FOLLOW OUR SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES HERE:NANO Nuclear EnergyLINKEDINNANO Nuclear EnergyYOUTUBENANO Nuclear EnergyX PLATFORM This news release and statements of NANO Nuclear’s management in connection with this news release contain or may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would” or “may” and other words of similar meaning. In this press release, forward-looking statements include those related to the anticipated benefits to NANO Nuclear of the Memorandum of Understanding with Dioxitek S.A as described herein. These and other forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent management's current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) or related state or non-U.S. nuclear fuel licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations, (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements, including by the DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act and the May 23, 2025 Executive Orders seeking to streamline nuclear regulation, and (vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement, and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which are available for review atwww.sec.govand athttps://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.