New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Investors who had been optimistic about Nano Nuclear Energy last week shouldn't change their outlooks based on the analyst's pessimism. The dog days of summer are barking, and they're scaring off investors fromNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)stock this week. After an inauspicious start to the week, shares of the nuclear energy stock recovered slightly -- very slightly -- on Thursday, stemming the downward trend that they had been on from Monday through Wednesday. According to data provided byS&P Global Market Intelligence, shares of Nano Nuclear Energy have plunged 18.9% from the end of last Friday's trading session through the market's close on Thursday. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Nano Nuclear Energy stockstarted the week on a sour noteafter Ladenburg analyst Michael Legg downgraded the stock to sell and slashed the price target to $9. Legg's actions are a stark turnaround from July, when Ladenburg initiated coverage on Nano Nuclear Energy stock with a buy rating and a $51 price target. The bearish outlook that Ladenburg shared on Monday for thenuclear energy stockhad a significant effect on investors, who continued to sell shares through Wednesday. But Thursday brought a reprieve to the sell-off. Nano Nuclear Energy reported that the company had advanced to the final round of the pitch event for the U.S. Army xTechSearch 9 competition. The is a competitive initiative led by the U.S. Army's xTech program that fosters engagement with sophisticated technology companies to explore solutions for critical defense applications. While Ladenburg's outlook on Nano Nuclear Energy is inspiring a sell-off this week, investors should remember that analysts have shorter investing horizons in mind when they issueprice targets, making them of less concern for patient investors who intend to hold on to their shares for at least several years. With respect to the news with U.S. Army, it's worth noting, but it does little to change the investment thesis for the company. If you were bullish on Nano Nuclear Energy stock last week, nothing developed this week that should change your mind. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $654,624!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,075,117!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,049% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 183% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Scott Levinehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.