New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves New York, N.Y., July  03, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (“NANO Nuclear” or “the Company”), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today announced that it is the Platinum Sponsor of the upcoming Defense Strategies Institute’s 7thAnnual DoD Energy & Power Summit to be held on July 9-10, 2025, at the National Housing Center in Washington, DC. NANO Nuclear Energy Chief Executive Officer James Walker will participate in a panel discussion titled,“Exploring Cutting Edge Nuclear Energy Solutions for Defense Applications”at 11:10am on July 9th. This panel will delve into the rapidly evolving landscape of nuclear energy technologies and their potential to revolutionize defense capabilities. It will also discuss the cutting-edge advancements in nuclear reactor designs, including small modular reactors (SMRs) and microreactors, and their suitability for powering remote military installations, advanced weapon systems, and future propulsion technologies. The panel will additionally feature leaders of key United States nuclear research and oversight organizations, including the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Reactors, Department of Energy Dr. Rian Bahran, SES; Associate Laboratory Director, Nuclear Science & Technology Directorate, Idaho National Laboratory Jess Gehin, Ph. D., and the Director of Nuclear Engineering Program, Virginia Tech Research Center Alireza Haghighat Ph.D. “The momentum behind our work to deliver mobile, resilient nuclear power solutions continues to grow, and I look forward to discussing their potential defense applications during the panel,”said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear.“This summit offers a valuable forum to engage directly with energy leaders from the government and the Department of Defense, and I expect productive, and important conversations.” Figure 1 - NANO Nuclear Announced as the Platinum Sponsor of the DoD Energy & Power Summit, held on July 9-10, 2025, at the National Housing Center in Washington, DC. The Department of Defense is the single largest energy consumer in the United States and consumes approximately 76% of federal energy consumption. This year’s DoD Energy and Power Summit will provide a forum for members of the DoD, Military Services, Federal Government, Industry, and Academia, and other leading stakeholders to enhance energy efficiency, resiliency, affordability, and security across the Department of Defense and federal government. This “town-hall” style summit will allow attendees to hear first-hand from decision makers and engage in meaningful conversations and discussions on US energy and power initiatives. “We’re proud to sponsor the DoD Energy & Power Summit and meet with leading policymakers and military officials in Washington,”said Jay Yu, Founder and Chairman of NANO Nuclear.“We’ve engaged numerous seasoned, former military and government experts onto our team to better position NANO Nuclear to support the DoD and DOE in their energy transition efforts. Our advanced reactor designs prioritize efficiency, safety, and reliability, qualities essential for powering critical installations and supporting the women and men who protect the nation.” NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE)is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused, diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies, (ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Led by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclear’s reactor products in development include patentedKRONOS MMR™Energy System, a stationary high-temperature gas-cooled reactor that is in construction permit pre-application engagement U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in collaboration with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U. of I.), “ZEUS”, a solid core battery reactor, and “ODIN”, a low-pressure coolant reactor, and the space focused, portableLOKI MMR™, each representing advanced developments in clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. Advanced Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America. HALEU Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclear’s own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. NANO Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclear’s developing micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as theLOKI MMR™system and other power systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions. NNS’ initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding the Moon's surface. NANO Nuclear EnergyLINKEDINNANO Nuclear EnergyYOUTUBENANO Nuclear EnergyX PLATFORM This news release and statements of NANO Nuclear’s management in connection with this news release contain or may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would” or “may” and other words of similar meaning. These and other forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent management's current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) or related state or non-U.S. nuclear fuel licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations, (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements, including by the DOE and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act, and (vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement, and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which are available for review atwww.sec.govand athttps://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.