New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves New York, N.Y., Aug.  14, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE) (“NANO Nuclear” or “the Company”), a leading advanced nuclear energy and technology company focused on developing clean energy solutions, today reported its third fiscal quarter financial results and provided a business update. “NANO Nuclear continues to benefit from a global nuclear energy renaissance driven by several long term, sustainable growth trends and significant regulatory tailwinds. These include growth in AI data centers, industrial reshoring, and broader electrification, all driving a significant need for clean and reliable power, energy sustainability and independence, and climate mandates requiring reliable zero-emissions energy, all coming in an era of unprecedented bipartisan legislative and policy support in the U.S. for nuclear energy. Equally important, there is broad recognition that advanced reactors like the ones we are developing will be critical to future clean energy infrastructure,”said Jay Yu, Founder and Chairman of NANO Nuclear. “As we look at our competitive position in the advanced nuclear reactor space, our January 2025 acquisition of the KRONOS MMRTMEnergy System has accelerated our trajectory, positioning us as a North American leader in the race to microreactor commercialization. During the quarter, our team continued to build onto a strong start to the year, achieving several critical milestones tied to the advancement of KRONOS MMR toward construction, demonstration, licensing and deployment in the U.S. and resuming the efforts of KRONOS’ prior owner in Canada. We’re confident KRONOS’ proven high- temperature gas reactor design, significant prior R&D investment, and numerous patents validate its high-technological readiness and differentiate it from our competition. With a strong balance sheet, access to capital, and growing support and interest from long-term oriented institutional investors, we believe we’re well-positioned to capitalize on the broader macro trends driving demand for our advanced nuclear solutions.” Advancing KRONOS MMR Toward Licensing and Deployment in U.S. and Resuming Canadian Demonstration Site Key Appointments & Wins Validate Growing Significance in Advanced Nuclear Industry​ Recruitment Drive, Engineering New Hires, and Acquisition of Demonstration and Office Facility to Support KRONOS MMR Development Selected for Inclusion into Solactive Global Uranium & Nuclear Components Total Return Index, Qualifying It for Inclusion in the Prominent Global X Uranium ETF (“URA”) Advancing Proprietary Annular Linear Induction Pump (ALIP) Technology Through SBIR Phase III Program KRONOS MMR Well-Positioned to be a North American Leader in the Microreactor Race Expect Strong Financial Profile and Access to Capital to Enhance Competitive Positioning “Our team is making significant progress across several key initiatives and is dedicated to advancing and executing our technology development roadmap,”said James Walker, Chief Executive Officer of NANO Nuclear.“With the potential of being the first commercial microreactor in the U.S. to successfully file for a construction permit application and the first licensed microreactor in Canada intended for commercial deployment, the KRONOS MMR positions us as a leader in the North American microreactor race. Our growing significance in the advanced nuclear energy industry, compelling technology, bold vision and laser focused efforts are enabling us to expand both our technical and regulatory teams to propel our strategic initiatives. Ensuring the successful deployment of KRONOS MMR requires more than just reactor design, which is why we have made it a priority to focus on securing key stages of the nuclear fuel supply chain. We also believe this commercially focused, vertically integrated approach gives us leverage to capture upside across multiple verticals as the broader advanced reactor market grows. Looking ahead, with a strong balance sheet, clear access to capital, and a world class technical and leadership team filled with former U.S. national leaders, we believe we’re well-positioned to deploy our microreactors and capture value across the broader nuclear energy landscape.” NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ: NNE)is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company seeking to become a commercially focused, diversified, and vertically integrated company across five business lines: (i) cutting edge portable and other microreactor technologies, (ii) nuclear fuel fabrication, (iii) nuclear fuel transportation, (iv) nuclear applications for space and (v) nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear believes it is the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Led by a world-class nuclear engineering team, NANO Nuclear’s reactor products in development include patentedKRONOS MMR™Energy System, a stationary high-temperature gas-cooled reactor that is in construction permit pre-application engagement U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) in collaboration with University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (U. of I.),“ZEUS”, a solid core battery reactor, and“ODIN”, a low-pressure coolant reactor, and the space focused, portableLOKI MMR™, each representing advanced developments in clean energy solutions that are portable, on-demand capable, advanced nuclear microreactors. Advanced Fuel Transportation Inc. (AFT), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is led by former executives from the largest transportation company in the world aiming to build a North American transportation company that will provide commercial quantities of HALEU fuel to small modular reactors, microreactor companies, national laboratories, military, and DOE programs. Through NANO Nuclear, AFT is the exclusive licensee of a patented high-capacity HALEU fuel transportation basket developed by three major U.S. national nuclear laboratories and funded by the Department of Energy. Assuming development and commercialization, AFT is expected to form part of the only vertically integrated nuclear fuel business of its kind in North America. HALEU Energy Fuel Inc. (HEF), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is focusing on the future development of a domestic source for a High-Assay, Low-Enriched Uranium (HALEU) fuel fabrication pipeline for NANO Nuclear’s own microreactors as well as the broader advanced nuclear reactor industry. NANO Nuclear Space Inc. (NNS), a NANO Nuclear subsidiary, is exploring the potential commercial applications of NANO Nuclear’s developing micronuclear reactor technology in space. NNS is focusing on applications such as theLOKI MMR™system and other power systems for extraterrestrial projects and human sustaining environments, and potentially propulsion technology for long haul space missions. NNS’ initial focus will be on cis-lunar applications, referring to uses in the space region extending from Earth to the area surrounding the Moon's surface. NANO Nuclear EnergyLINKEDINNANO Nuclear EnergyYOUTUBENANO Nuclear EnergyX PLATFORM This news release and statements of NANO Nuclear’s management in connection with this news release contain or may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this context, forward-looking statements mean statements related to future events, which may impact our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “seek,” “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “potential”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would” or “may” and other words of similar meaning. In this press release, forward-looking statements relate to, among other matters, the anticipated benefits to NANO Nuclear of the various corporate achievements described herein, as well as NANO Nuclear’s development, construction, regulatory licensing and commercialization plans and goals. These and other forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this news release and represent management's current views and assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, events or results and involve significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be beyond our control. Readers are also cautioned that actual results may differ materially and adversely from the results implied in forward-looking statements. For NANO Nuclear, particular risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual future results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the following: (i) risks related to our U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”), NRC or related state or non-U.S. nuclear licensing submissions, (ii) risks related the development of new or advanced technology and the acquisition of complimentary technology or businesses, including difficulties with design and testing, cost overruns, regulatory delays, integration issues and the development of competitive technology, (iii) our ability to obtain contracts and funding to be able to continue operations, (iv) risks related to uncertainty regarding our ability to technologically develop and commercially deploy a competitive advanced nuclear reactor or other technology in the timelines we anticipate, if ever, (v) risks related to the impact of U.S. and non-U.S. government regulation, policies and licensing requirements, including by the DOE and the NRC, including those associated with the recently enacted ADVANCE Act and the May 23, 2025 executives orders seeking to streamline the nuclear regulatory process, and (vi) similar risks and uncertainties associated with the operating an early stage business a highly regulated and rapidly evolving industry. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this news release. These factors may not constitute all factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in any forward-looking statement, and NANO Nuclear therefore encourages investors to review other factors that may affect future results in its filings with the SEC, which are available for review atwww.sec.govand athttps://ir.nanonuclearenergy.com/financial-information/sec-filings. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a predictor of actual results. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this news release, except as required by law. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.