New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Markets aren't moving much to start the trading week, but there's no confusion about which direction shares ofNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)are moving in. With an analyst providing a starkly bearish take on the nuclear energy stock, investors are choosing to click the sell button today. As of 10:24 a.m. ET, shares of Nano Nuclear Energy are down 7.7%, paring back an earlier loss of 12.1%. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Downgrading Nano Nuclear Energy stock to a sell from a buy, Ladenburg analyst Michael Legg foresees shares sliding considerably. Legg also downwardly revised his price target on Nano Nuclear Energy stock to $9 from $51. Based on the stock's closing price of $35.89, Legg's new price target implies downside of 74.9% -- that's a lot of downside. According to The Fly, Legg predicated the new take on Nano Nuclear Energy stock after the company's recent third-quarter 2025 financial results and on the belief that management "promoting a broad, diversified model" will be less fruitful than if the company emphasized "core initiatives, particularly the Kronos reactor. In Q3 2025, for example, the company signed amemorandum of understandingwith UrAmerica to help shore up various resources and develop its vertically integrated capabilities. While the negative commentary from Ladenburg is surely disheartening for Nano Nuclear Energy investors, this is merely one analyst's opinion. A tide of similar bearish commentary hasn't surfaced among analysts, so the perception that Nano Nuclear Energy is moving in a less-productive direction should be taken with a grain of salt. Similarly, other analysts haven't echoed the drastic price target revision -- let alone the fact that analysts'price targetsare often limited to a shorter investing horizon than the long-term holding periods The Motley Fool favors. For current shareholders, Ladenburg's perspective is worth acknowledging, but today's commentary should hardly signal that now's the time to jump ship. Of course, if investors are truly spooked, there are plenty of other upstartnuclear energy stocksto consider. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $668,155!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,106,071!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,070% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 184% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Scott Levinehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.