New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Oklo and its subsidiary won a total of three Department of Energy contracts to build pilot small modular nuclear reactors. Shares ofOklo(NYSE: OKLO), one of a handful of start-upnuclear power companiesaiming to commercialize small modular reactors, jumped more than 6% in early trading Wednesday before reversing course and losing it all. As of 12:35 p.m. ET, Oklo stock is now down 1%. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) picked Oklo to perform two projects under its new Reactor Pilot Program, and picked Oklo subsidiary Atomic Alchemy to perform a third, the company announced today. All three projects are in furtherance of President Donald Trump's May 2025 executive order to get at least three working small modular reactors (SMRs) up and running by July 4, 2026. This sounds like pretty great news for Oklo, and we haven't heard (yet) about either of its closest rivals in the SMR space,Nano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)orNuScale Power(NYSE: SMR), winning similar contracts. Both of those other nuclear stocks are down today, by the way, and down even more than Oklo. Digging a little deeper into the news, however, and going to DOE's website to learn if any other companiesdidwin contracts, I discovered that a total of 10 separate companies (two of which are Oklo or its subsidiary) did win contracts. Neither of the 10 is Nano Nuclear or NuScale, which is pretty bad news for those companies, I suspect. But also, eight of them arenotOklo, and that means Oklo's not quite the odds-on favorite to inaugurate the nation's nuclear renaissance, as its initial press release might lead one to believe. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Oklo wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $653,427!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,119,863!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,060% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.