New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The biggest beneficiary of the nuclear side of this deal appears to be privately owned X-Energy. Nano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE), the tiny nuclear power company developing even tinier "micro" nuclear power plants, saw its stock soar 19.8% through 1:15 p.m. ET Friday. The U.S. and U.K. governments agreed Thursday to cooperate in developing the two countries'artificial intelligence,quantum computing, andnuclear energy sectors, and to spend $350 billion doing so. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » The British government says 150 billion pounds (US$195 billion) will be invested in the U.K., which it calls a "record-breaking investment," leaving $155 billion for the American AI, quantum, and nuclear sectors. But how much of this money goes to Nano Nuclear? That's all they have to say on the subject of nuclear investments -- no mention of Nano Nuclear Energy stock at all. Fact is, the biggest beneficiary hereappears to be X-Energy(and its partner Centrica). If you recall, X-Energy is aprivate companybacked byAmazon, partnering to build several gigawatts-worth of nuclear reactors for Amazon's data centers in the Pacific Northwest. That's good to know if you want to keep an eye on X-Energy as a potential investment, should it ever go public. But it's terrible news for investors betting on Nano Nuclear stock to benefit from the $350 billion U.S.-U.K. deal. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $651,345!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,080,327!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.