New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves A Federal Reserve committee is due to issue a rate-cut decision Wednesday afternoon. Lower interest rates mean smaller interest costs for companies that need to borrow money. At 2 p.m. ET Wednesday, give or take a few minutes, theFederal Open Market Committeeshould decide on its next round of interest-rate changes. Presumably it will lower its target interest rate from the current range of 4.25% to 4.5%, to one of 4% to 4.25% -- a quarter-point cut. Potentially, it could lower the interest rate by twice as much -- 0.5%. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » Either way, and assuming a cut of any size at all, this will be the first interest-rate cut by theFederal Reservein the past nine months, the Fed having last cut rates (also by 0.25%) back on Dec. 18, 2024. Economists seem pretty certaina rate cut of some size is in the offing. According to the latestinflation update here at The Motley Fool, inflation is still running hotter (2.9%) than the Fed's target rate of 2% -- which you might think would give the Fed some pause. That said, the jobs market is showing sufficient signs of weakness that the Fed is getting concerned -- and inclined to roll the dice and risk a bit of extra inflation in hopes of goosing the jobs numbers higher. In July, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) reported that only 73,000 net new jobs were created, which was below projections. Then came August's number, which was an objectively horrible 22,000 net new jobs -- less than one-third of what economists had predicted. And all of this came after May and June jobs numbers were revised downward by more than a quarter-million. Sothe jobs marketdoesn't look great, and that means the Fed probablywillcut rates today. Now what does this mean for you, the individual investor? Believe it or not, bad news for the jobs market and worrisome trends in inflation are both generally interpreted asgoodnews for the stock market -- at least when a Fed interest-rate cut is on the table as a possible solution. This is because when the Fed lowers interest rates, it becomes cheaper to borrow, and cheaper to payinterest on debts, which can be a boon for companies not yet earning profits. Which kinds of companies? Well, maybe I'm biased becauseI write a lot about nuclear stocks. But if you ask about companies that might benefit from debt getting a bit cheaper, the first to come tomymind are the handful working to develop a new generation of small modular (and micro) nuclear reactors (SMRs). In order from smallest to largest, these includeNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE),NuScale Power(NYSE: SMR), andOklo(NYSE: OKLO). Investors value these three companies very differently. Nano Nuclear is worth only $1.5 billion in market capitalization, versus NuScale with an implied market cap of $11.1 billion, and Oklo tipping the scales at a weighty $14.1 billion. But in many respects, these three companies look similar. Neither Nano Nuclear nor Oklo has any revenue to speak of. NuScale, which does havesomerevenue (from technology licenses, not from actual sales of either reactors or nuclear energy), still did only $56 million in business over the last 12 months -- enough to value the stock at nearly 200 times sales. Lacking revenue, it stands to reason that all three of thesenuclear energy stocksare also unprofitable. What worries me more than the losses based ongenerally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), though, is the fact that these companies must continue burning through their cash reserves as they work toward commercializing their technology. Any nuclear stock that runs out of cash before it starts generating positive free cash flow on its own is at risk of needing to sell shares, or take on debt, to raise the cash it needs. I expect NuScale Power to benefit more than the others from a rate cut today. With only $420 million in the bank and an annual cash burn rate of $95 million, NuScale's on course to be the SMR stock that runs out of cash first -- potentially before it reaches profitability in 2030 (according to analysts polled byS&P Global Market Intelligence). In contrast, both Oklo (with $534 million in cash and a burn rate of $53 million per year) and Nano Nuclear (with $210 million and $23 million, respectively) already have enough cash laid up to keep themselves in business for roughly a decade. Relatively speaking, they're both in stronger financial positions than NuScale is -- but for this very reason, I expect NuScale stock to benefit most from today's Fed rate decision. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and NuScale Power wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $647,425!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,071,739!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,056% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends NuScale Power. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.