New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Not for the first time this year,Nano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)stock was going somewhat nuclear over the past few trading sessions. On news that a Senate committee desires changes in President Trump's "Big, Beautiful Bill" that favor the once-struggling industry, interest rose sharply innuclear stocks. Nano was a direct beneficiary of this; according to data compiled byS&P Global Market Intelligence, its share price had ballooned by nearly 25% week to date as of Friday before market open. The bill is an ambitious budget reconciliation proposal that would reshape the federal budget. Early in the week, one new change floated by the Senate Finance Committee was an adjustment of the tax credits the feds provide to energy producers. Some power-generation technologies currently out of favor with the present administration would have their tax credit expiration dates brought forward, while others would be granted extensions. Happily for Nano investors, nuclear energy is in the latter category. The committee is proposing that nuclear's energy production tax credit, currently set to be phased out on Dec. 31, 2032, have a new expiration date of Dec. 31, 2036. The president has been active in his support for nuclear power, which in the recent past was largely shunned. Its reputational decline was due mostly to high-profile accidents such as the Three Mile Island incident in 1979, and the catastrophic 1986 meltdown of the Chernobyl plant located in Ukraine (then part of the Soviet Union). Despite its very positive-sounding name, the "Big, Beautiful Bill" is controversial and contentious among both legislators and the U.S. public. Given that, it's very possible that it will be hammered out through more compromises -- and these might lead lawmakers to rescind the nuclear tax credit extension idea. Still, the proposal currently on the table at least indicates continued strong, top-level support for nuclear power, and that can only help companies like Nano. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $659,171!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $891,722!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is995% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to172%for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.