New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves President Trump's executive orders in May was one factor motivating investors to buy Nano Nuclear stock in June. The company isn't likely to generate revenue anytime soon, so conservative investors may be more comfortable with a nuclear energy ETF. While not the same as the 32.4% gain it logged in May, the rise inNano NuclearEnergy(NASDAQ: NNE)stock last month was undoubtedly well received among investors. According to data fromS&P Global Market Intelligence, Nano Nuclear Energy stock shot 14.5% higher in June. President Trump's clear support for thenuclear energy industryhelped earlier in the month to buoy the company that's developing micro-small modular reactors (SMRs), while momentum toward the passage of the One, Big, Beautiful Bill provided incentive for investors to click the buy button at the end of June. Nano Nuclear began June with the wind at its back, thanks to the executive order that Trump signed in late May meant to spur development of the domestic nuclear energy industry. In addition to advancing the development of next-generation nuclear energy assets that can shore up infrastructure that supportsartificial intelligence(AI) -- such as data centers -- the executive order seeks to remove a lot of the regulatory hurdles that are challenging SMR companies such as Nano Nuclear. As June rolled along, it became increasingly clearer that the Democrats would be unable to thwart the passage of the One, Big, Beautiful Bill -- legislation that was well received by the nuclear energy industry. Upon the Senate's approval of the legislation, in fact, Maria Korsnick, president and CEO of the Nuclear Energy Institute, applauded the bill that "allows us to continue down the path to achieve the administration's ambitious goals for deploying new, cutting-edge nuclear technologies that will meet the growing demand for more reliable energy." Whereas the nuclear power production tax credit was set to expire at the end of 2031, the Senate version of the budget reconciliation bill extends the nuclear power production tax credit through 2032. Plus, the bill extends the tax credits for new nuclear generation through 2033. Although it seems as if the U.S. is one the verge of entering a nuclear energy renaissance, it's important to acknowledge that Nano Nuclear is still far away from bring one of its SMRs to market. Moreover, it's unlikely that the company will start generating revenue anytime in the foreseeable future. For the time being, nuclear energy-focused investors would be better advised to consider one of the other leading SMR companies. On the other hand, those who are looking to reduce their exposure to risk would likely be more comfortable with anuclear energy ETF. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $699,558!*Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $976,677!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’s total average return is1,060% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to180%for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Scott Levinehas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.