New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The company will immediately begin to try selling $400 million worth of new stock. Nano Nuclear is burning cash, but $400 million in new money could keep it solvent for years. Shares ofNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE), one of a handful of start-up companies aiming to commercializesmall modular nuclear reactors, announced late Friday it intends to raise up to $620 million to further its nuclear endeavors. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Learn More » Nano Nuclear says the $620 million will take the form of common and preferred stock issuances, purchase contracts, warrants, subscription rights, depositary shares, debt securities, and/or units. The cash may be raised "from time to time in one or more offerings." Butmostof the cash may be raised pretty quickly, through a $400 million at-the-market stock selling program managed by three investment banks, that will see Nano Nuclear create and sell shares at whatever price it can get. Nano Nuclear stock tumbled on the news. It cost a bit under $42 per share last week -- implying $400 million could be raised pretty easily by selling fewer than 10 million new shares. With 41.5 million shares outstanding at last report, that would probably grow the share count to about 51 million, and dilute existing shareholders by about 23%. Now that the stock price is falling, Nano might have to sell 1 million more shares to get its full $400 million -- andthe stock dilution amountcould rise to 25%. It would be hard to call thatgoodnews. But it's not necessarily bad news for investors, either. Nano Nuclear's only burning about $16 million a year right now. At that rate, $400 million in new cash could fund this company'sresearch and development (R&D) workfor a couple of decades. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $636,628!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,063,471!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,041% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 183% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Rich Smithhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.