New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The share price of NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ:NNE) surged by 30.07% on May 23, 2025. Let’s shed some light on the development. NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ:NNE) is an advanced technology-driven nuclear energy company. Its business lines include cutting-edge portable and other microreactor technologies, nuclear fuel fabrication, nuclear fuel transportation, nuclear applications for space, and nuclear industry consulting services. NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ:NNE) received a significant boost on Friday after President Trump signed an executive order to jump-start the nuclear energy industry in America by cutting down on regulations and fast-tracking new licenses for reactors and power plants. The order focuses particularly on small advanced reactors, which are considered by many in the industry as the future due to their versatility and affordability. The strategic move aims to ensure America’s energy security, especially since the country’s electric demand is expected to surge to record levels due to the ongoing AI boom. The development presents a significant opportunity for NANO Nuclear Energy Inc. (NASDAQ:NNE), which believes itself to be the first portable nuclear microreactor company to be listed publicly in the U.S. Moreover, NNE holds a strategicadvantagethrough its partnership with LIS Technologies, the only laser uranium enrichment firm based in the United States. While we acknowledge the potential of NNE to grow, our conviction lies in the belief that some AI stocks hold greater promise for delivering higher returns and have limited downside risk.  If you are looking for an AI stock that is more promising than NNE and that has 100x upside potential, check out our report about thischeapest AI stock. READ NEXT:10 Cheap Energy Stocks to Buy Nowand10 Most Undervalued Energy Stocks According to Hedge Funds. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.