New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves This positions the American company for future expansion in the neighboring country. Hardly for the first time in recent weeks and months, shares of next-generation power companyNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)jumped skyward on Thursday. Investors pushed the shares almost 6% higher in value, on news that it is now part of an important industry association north of our border. That nearly 6% leap crushed theS&P 500index, which was basically flat that trading session. Before market open, Nano announced that it has become a member of the Canadian Nuclear Association (CNA). That makes the U.S.-based company part of an influential industry grouping in the country, one that has been advocating for the use of nuclear power since 1960. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » In the press release trumpeting the news, Nano wrote that according to CNA data,nuclear energyeffectively avoids 80 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions, serving as a clean alternative to traditional fossil fuel generation methods. Although Canadian citizens have been as critical and wary of nuclear energy as their American counterparts, Nano clearly sees a solid chance for winning business in our neighboring nation, and advancing the technology as it does so. It wrote, "With the introduction of next-generation technologies in the form of small or micro nuclear reactors, like those being developed by NANO Nuclear, there is a significant opportunity for Canada to solidify a leading position in the global nuclear industry." Nano did not provide any estimates for how an increased Canadian presence might affect its fundamentals. However, this feels like a low-impact way to strengthen its presence on the market. The proof will be in the doing, however, so investors should watch how -- and if -- the company's Canadian business develops following its CNA ascension. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $634,627!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,046,799!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,037% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 182% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Eric Volkmanhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.