New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Nuclear energy stocks are soaring because of a proposed technology deal between the U.S. and U.K. governments. Shares ofNano Nuclear Energy(NASDAQ: NNE)rose as much as 40% this week, according to data fromS&P Global Market Intelligence. The microreactor company trying to innovate in nuclear energy technology is rising alongside theentire nuclear sectorin reaction to a proposed sale of one of its reactor designs to a company in the United Kingdom. At 2 p.m. ET on Friday, Sept. 19, shares of Nano Nuclear Energy stock were up 39.4% this week. Here's why. Where to invest $1,000 right now?Our analyst team just revealed what they believe are the10 best stocksto buy right now.Continue » Nuclear energy stocks have seen a resurgence in 2025. Nano Nuclear shares are up close to 100% year to date, while other stocks -- such asOklo, up 500% -- have performed even better. There has been a lot of news driving these share prices higher. This week, we have two announcements driving Nano Nuclear's share price into the stratosphere, one from the U.S. and U.K. governments and one from the company itself. First, the United States and United Kingdom signed a partnership agreement to spend boatloads of money on new technologies such as artificial intelligence, quantum computing, and nuclear energy. Even though Nano Nuclear was never mentioned in this announcement, its shares rose on the news. Second, Nano Nuclear signed an agreement with a company in the United Kingdom to sell its ODIN reactor design for a total of $6.2 million. If the technology is ever used, Nano Nuclear will receive low-single-digit royalty payments from the company in a licensing agreement. To be clear, this is a reactor design not currently approved by regulators. Nano Nuclear may earn some one-time revenue from this product announcement, but it is essentially still a prerevenue business. None of its designs have been proven viable or approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It is unclear whether tiny nuclear reactors even make sense economically. And yet Nano Nuclear stock is soaring and is trading close to a $2 billion market capitalization. This is a huge jump for a deal that will bring a one-time payment of $6.2 million. The company will remain unprofitable, having burned $32 million infree cash flowover the last 12 months alone. With no timeline for generating any operating revenue -- let along positive cash flow -- Nano Nuclear is a company investors should avoid adding to their portfolios right now. TheMotley Fool Stock Advisoranalyst team just identified what they believe are the10 best stocksfor investors to buy now… and Nano Nuclear Energy wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years. Consider whenNetflixmade this list on December 17, 2004... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $651,345!* Or whenNvidiamade this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation,you’d have $1,080,327!* Now, it’s worth notingStock Advisor’stotal average return is 1,058% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 189% for the S&P 500. Don’t miss out on the latest top 10 list, available when you joinStock Advisor. Brett Schaferhas no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy. Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.