New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves The proven Zacks Rank system focuses on earnings estimates and estimate revisions to find winning stocks. Nevertheless, we know that our readers all have their own perspectives, so we are always looking at the latest trends in value, growth, and momentum to find strong picks. Considering these trends, value investing is clearly one of the most preferred ways to find strong stocks in any type of market. Value investors use a variety of methods, including tried-and-true valuation metrics, to find these stocks. Luckily, Zacks has developed its own Style Scores system in an effort to find stocks with specific traits. Value investors will be interested in the system's "Value" category. Stocks with both "A" grades in the Value category and high Zacks Ranks are among the strongest value stocks on the market right now. One stock to keep an eye on is Grupo Supervielle (SUPV). SUPV is currently sporting a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), as well as a Value grade of A. The stock is trading with a P/E ratio of 7.67, which compares to its industry's average of 9.67. Over the last 12 months, SUPV's Forward P/E has been as high as 12.16 and as low as 5.93, with a median of 8.40. Investors should also recognize that SUPV has a P/B ratio of 1.17. The P/B ratio pits a stock's market value against its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. This company's current P/B looks solid when compared to its industry's average P/B of 2.19. Over the past year, SUPV's P/B has been as high as 1.93 and as low as 0.69, with a median of 1.29. Value investors also use the P/S ratio. The P/S ratio is calculated as price divided by sales. Some people prefer this metric because sales are harder to manipulate on an income statement. This means it could be a truer performance indicator. SUPV has a P/S ratio of 0.6. This compares to its industry's average P/S of 1.62. Finally, investors should note that SUPV has a P/CF ratio of 7.45. This metric takes into account a company's operating cash flow and can be used to find stocks that are undervalued based on their solid cash outlook. SUPV's current P/CF looks attractive when compared to its industry's average P/CF of 16.93. Within the past 12 months, SUPV's P/CF has been as high as 11.41 and as low as 1.38, with a median of 6.46. These are just a handful of the figures considered in Grupo Supervielle's great Value grade. Still, they help show that the stock is likely being undervalued at the moment. Add this to the strength of its earnings outlook, and we can clearly see that SUPV is an impressive value stock right now. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.