New:Introducing “Why Is It Moving?” - lightning-fast, AI-driven explanations of stock moves Here at Zacks, our focus is on the proven Zacks Rank system, which emphasizes earnings estimates and estimate revisions to find great stocks. Nevertheless, we are always paying attention to the latest value, growth, and momentum trends to underscore strong picks. Considering these trends, value investing is clearly one of the most preferred ways to find strong stocks in any type of market. Value investors rely on traditional forms of analysis on key valuation metrics to find stocks that they believe are undervalued, leaving room for profits. Zacks has developed the innovative Style Scores system to highlight stocks with specific traits. For example, value investors will be interested in stocks with great grades in the "Value" category. When paired with a high Zacks Rank, "A" grades in the Value category are among the strongest value stocks on the market today. One company value investors might notice is Grupo Supervielle (SUPV). SUPV is currently holding a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and a Value grade of A. The stock is trading with P/E ratio of 6.8 right now. For comparison, its industry sports an average P/E of 9.98. Over the past 52 weeks, SUPV's Forward P/E has been as high as 12.16 and as low as 5.93, with a median of 8.40. Investors should also recognize that SUPV has a P/B ratio of 1.05. Investors use the P/B ratio to look at a stock's market value versus its book value, which is defined as total assets minus total liabilities. This stock's P/B looks solid versus its industry's average P/B of 2.22. Over the past year, SUPV's P/B has been as high as 1.93 and as low as 0.69, with a median of 1.29. Value investors also use the P/S ratio. The P/S ratio is calculated as price divided by sales. This is a preferred metric because revenue can't really be manipulated, so sales are often a truer performance indicator. SUPV has a P/S ratio of 0.59. This compares to its industry's average P/S of 1.73. Finally, investors will want to recognize that SUPV has a P/CF ratio of 6.69. This metric focuses on a firm's operating cash flow and is often used to find stocks that are undervalued based on the strength of their cash outlook. SUPV's current P/CF looks attractive when compared to its industry's average P/CF of 16.69. SUPV's P/CF has been as high as 11.41 and as low as 1.38, with a median of 6.89, all within the past year. Value investors will likely look at more than just these metrics, but the above data helps show that Grupo Supervielle is likely undervalued currently. And when considering the strength of its earnings outlook, SUPV sticks out as one of the market's strongest value stocks. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days.Click to get this free report Join thousands of traders who make more informed decisions with our premium features.
                                        Real-time quotes, advanced visualizations, backtesting, and much more.